Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Tue, 19 May 2026 10:07:53 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 59

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private. This is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you
aren't interested in this subject, or this is illegal where you live,
please stop reading. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/
and all the great works they archive. Nifty carries the costs of keeping
all of these great stories available for you to read. If you're here,
enjoying the stories on Nifty, then you are likely benefitting from the
existence of this great site. Please support Nifty.org. Take a moment to
click on the link above and make any donation that you can afford. Thank
you.

All rights to this story are retained by the author.

I'm at SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you're thinking as you
read this.

New Orders 59

Day 49			0500

The Twins were somewhat out of sorts when they got home yesterday
afternoon. Sad to face their Gran's burial. But so grateful for the men of
the Army unit who they felt rescued them...again. Rescued from the
ceremony, but to a greater extent, rescued from their parents, who showed
up at the cemetery demanding their inheritance. The boys were terrified
just even to lay eyes on them.

Sergeant Tom Lansford and Sergeant Alexander Zelsky and Private Kevin Jones
were all there for the boys. Deke and David Hanson were comforted and
hugged by the men they have come to revere the most. And these men have
given their own home a room at the Inn. The `House' as it's inhabitants
call it. A place where twenty of the sexiest Army men live together... all
of whom the two brothers have come to know intimately. The twins like
taking care of the adult Army men in the House in every way they know
how. The twins have grown to feel useful, accepted and even necessary for
the first time in their lives. These boys are adults, having turned 18 a
few months earlier. They are old enough to join the Army, but these twins
don't believe they can live separately. It would be terrifying to these
boys to have to go through Boot Camp individually... Practically alone.

Every day the twins manage the kitchen, especially the prep of the 60-cup
coffee urn, which is set up the day prior to be ready by 5am. The `coffee
bar' is also known as the `protein bar' because there is usually an
abundance of protein bars available. It used to be that Private Greg Miller
would actually make protein shakes, but that fell apart when Private Miller
was away from the House increasingly to assist various clients. Tom would
like for Greg to train the Twins to be able to man the protein bar,
supplying the men with freshly blended protein shakes on 2 or 3 days of the
week.  We also started making eggs and toast for breakfast, but that too
became too overwhelming. Tom feels that Deke and David need a little bit of
training and management. The management part will be done by Private Kevin
Jones.

"I think we need to get our breakfast thing back on track. Are you willing
to do that?" Sergeant Lansford asked while sitting with the twins along
with Kevin Jones. "And Kevin, I need for you to make sure we have the
supplies on hand. Breakfast should only be served between 6 and 7 Monday
through Saturday. Can we make that work please?

After the boys had left, Tom tells Kevin, "Look, as much as I'm a fan of
breakfast, I want Deke and David to have things that they need to be
responsible for. They need a mission. We can't coddle them if they're going
to develop into men... and that's our responsibility."

"Yes, Sir. Agreed. They can do this for sure." Private Jones responds.

"Kevin, this isn't going to be forever. But we've got to make them
responsible for certain things before we can turn them lose on the
world. So, eventually we'll need to turn this over to other guys in our
unit. Understand?"

"Yup." Kevin

"I've got some news for you, Kevin. And this is totally a privileged
conversation... you cannot share this with the twins. I don't want you to
discuss this with anyone at all for the next three years. It turns out that
Margaret Fuller created a Trust for Deke and David, but she specified that
the boys should not be told about it until after they turn 21.

"Ummm.... What does that mean? I mean.... What's a Trust?

"Good question. It's like a company but it's like a company that's already
successful and it's created for the benefit of someone or even a group of
people. A Trust can have officers like a president and a secretary, just
like a company. Does that make sense?"

"I suppose. Why are you telling me this?" Kevin asks.

"Well, because you have been named an officer of the Trust."

"What do I have to do?" Kevin asks.

"Nothing for a while. But you will attend some meetings, and you'll be
asked for your ideas from time to time." Tom educates Kevin.

"So... just like now when you ask me what I think... right?" Kevin suggests

"Well... kinda. But that's just for my benefit to help me think things
through. The Trust isn't just for my benefit. It's mostly for the benefit
of Deke and David." Tom fills in the blanks.

"So, why are you telling me this? Are you the boss of this Trust?"

"I am. Margaret Fuller asked me to be the Trustee. But there has to be a
small board to make decisions occasionally." Tom explains.  "But you never
even met her." Kevin points out.

"True. Do you remember the letter that Margaret wrote to me? In that she
asked me to be the trustee. And to go meet her attorney, who turns out to
be Dave Sanchez. He set up the Trust. He wrote it to her specifications,
and she believed that I'm the man that can successfully direct the Trust to
benefit her grandsons, which is why she created the Trust."

"Ohhhh. I get it. That's why those relatives showed up at the
cemetery. They knew that she had some money, I guess."

"Probably correct. But that's another reason that we cannot talk about the
Trust. Nobody outside of the board should know that this even exists." Tom
warns Kevin. "I'll give you more details as it's necessary, okay? I don't
want to overload you with stuff that doesn't matter yet. Okay?

"Yeah, okay."

"But I do have two other things to discuss with you. Let's go grab another
cup of coffee...

"I'll get the coffees. Be right back.

When Kevin returns, he puts down the two coffees but comes closer to Tom,
both Army men sitting in the `Family Room' which Sergeant Lansford often
uses as his impromptu meeting place. Often sitting on the couch naked with
his men, especially in the early morning. "I need for you to sign these
cards for the bank. I'll get them back to the bank... or, actually the
Savings and Loan on the way into SLC." Tom instructs Kevin.

"But I don't have an account there." Kevin says making a quizzical face.

"Actually, you do. I had $5 thousand deposited in your account today., Tom
informs Kevin.

"How does that work... I mean, for what? I haven't done anything." Kevin
says, disbelieving.

"You will. Like I said, you're now on the Board of the Trust. So I thought
that I would get you obligated to work for the Trust."

Kevin tests the concept: "What if I don't want to?"

"I know you'll accept the money".

"How do you know that?" Kevin teasingly tested the concept

"Because you've never had $5,000 before." Tom answers.

"That's true. So, what do I have to do?" Kevin asks Tom.

"I don't know that yet. We have to get the Trust to be profitable. So we'll
figure that out."

"How?"

"One possibility is the porn thing we started to work on. Anton put forth
an idea about how we could make teams of Ambassadors which could be used to
rotate our guys with our clients, one of each of these teams would be one
of our porn stars who can create a little more interest in our intel
mission... and we would have more flexibility to spread ourselves for our
clients... and possibly attract information, we are an intel unit after
all...

"I feel like I missed something. What porn stars are you talking about?
Kevin quizzes.

"Of course. Some of this is just for us to consider, but you and the Twins
really like the idea making Gay porn movies. Deke and David have told me
they want to do porn and that they think they'd love it. You were pretty
excited about it when shot the video with you and Noah. We learned a little
about that. I think we could do way better and I think we can learn by
doing some more practice shoots. Look, Kevin... I have to create a
successful business that will support the Twins. It will be easier if it's
something that they enjoy.  And if It can be something that benefits all of
us as well as our Intel Unit, then, win-win."

"Look, I hope that you won't mind me saying this but how in the world will
the Army let this happen? Kevin asks.

"You don't think that the military have used attractive people to seduce
their targets throughout history? Not just the U.S. Military but
forever...throughout history like in Rome or Egypt. Did you ever watch
Cleopatra?" Sergeant Lansford argues. "I think that if it's a program that
accomplishes the Army's goals, they'd be happy to support it. I doubt that
they'll be thrilled about owning a porn production company, but so we'll do
that. They'd certainly be happy to take advantage of the sexy men that
could encourage greater collection and processing of our flow of intel. I'm
sure that when General Thomas understands this that he'll be fully happy to
support our mission... I'm thinking that you will probably be involved with
that, Kevin..

"You want me to make a test movie for The General?

"Yea, maybe you and Noah or Seb... I don't know yet. But I think we'll know
it when we see it." Tom observes.

"Are you saying that we should turn our videos into real porn, like on the
internet?" Kevin asks.

"Yeah, sort of." Tom explains. "I'm suggesting that we explore
it. Carefully. We'll ask Deke and David. We'll ask Noah, and, Kevin, I want
you to suggest 3 other men from the House that you think would be up for
being our exploratory porn actors and then we'll get them together, along
with Zelsky and Anton. It will be a while before we actually produce porn
movies. Everybody will learn from performing in front of a camera. Anton
will probably need an assistant for editing...  We should get maybe 20 or
30 movies and watch them together and grade the ones we like the best and
why... and then emulate the really good ones. Just as a learning
experience. And if we actually make money from this venture, the guys will
get paid, but that will be a ways off."

"That sounds pretty fun. Do you want me to start right away" Kevin wants to
know.

"Yeah... talk to Noah and then make a short list of 3 or 4 guys and we'll
decide which guys we want for this project, or maybe we do screen tests. We
can all learn from this, but I sure don't want to embarrass anyone so this
shouldn't be done with everyone being aware of what's going on." Tom
cautions. "I'm going to want to learn about cameras and lighting and I
think that maybe three or four more guys might like to do that.

"It's gonna be impossible to keep it quiet. These are competitive men AND
they all like to be the center of attention. AND when we're sitting in the
Family room watching the clips, everyone will be there and they're all
gonna want to be part of it, Tom. This is gonna be like a naked sex
party. Everyone will want to take part..." Kevin points out. "At least, I
think so."

"When we move into Tyrone's house, we can start to get some lights and
cameras if we decide to move forward with the project. By the way, I think
I'm gonna wait for a couple of days before I tell the twins about it. But I
think they'll really want to do it." Tom shares his thoughts.

"Is Zelsky gonna be involved?"

"Oh yeah, he's the Treasurer... and by the way your piss buddy is the
Secretary." Tom tells Kevin.

"I know that you're talking about Dave Sanchez... you know what? He's very
sexy and he looks great naked."

"You saw him naked? Tom is surprised.

"No... not really. He had an elastic harness with like elastic shorts that
had no ass. And he had to pull his dick out to feed me his piss. He has a
furry ass and chest... so I think I saw most of him naked. By the way he's
uncut. But he'd be very fun to invite over for a party."

"Oh good. I'm happy to know. We might have to recruit him to be a fluffer
or something." Tom jokes.

"When do you want to meet with me and Noah and Seb and Anton and Zelsky?"
Kevin pushes.

"You've already decided on Noah and Seb?" Tom kids Kevin.

"Yeah, duh. Besides, with these guys they'd pretty much all be great in
front of a camera. And at some point, I think we should all give them an on
camera try out... test thing. You know?" Kevin contributes.

"Sounds like Kevin needs to give all these guys a trim up. Come to think
about it that's actually a really good theme for a porn movie. I think we
should give our script ideas to Anton." Tom decides. "Have him be our
project planner.

"So, Tom, I'm getting horny thinking about this stuff. You want to down a
few beers with me and start something in the shower?" Kevin suggests.

"Sure, Kevin. maybe this afternoon. It's still morning." Tom says. "We
haven't even had anything to eat ... or gone running. Let's take care of
some business and see what happens later in the afternoon... So, let's hit
the protein bar, go running and then I'd like to meet with Anton and
Zelsky. You're welcome to sit in.... But I'm going up to check in with Deke
and David before the run."

Upstairs, Tom finds the Twins awake, comforting each other the best way
they know how: Deke is sucking David's cock. David is gently stroking his
brother's back. The boys don't seem to notice that Tom has entered the room
for the first half minute. "Do you want us to stop?" asks David.

"No, I just wanted to make sure you're okay. Did you get any sleep?" Tom
asks. "When you want to join civilization again, come join us. But if you
need a couple days off, it's okay. Just make sure you get something to
eat."

"Thanks for taking care of us... especially yesterday when our parents
showed up." David says, "That really scared us."

"I know. They're pretty scary. But we were ready because your grandma
prepared for that. She knew what to expect and she planned for it. That's
why we're all okay."

"That lawyer guy was pretty great. He made my dad shut up real quick..."
David pointed out.

"You know Kevin had met the lawyer guy when you all were in San
Francisco. Did you know that? Tom asks.

"Not until yesterday. But it's cool. We like him."

Deke stops sucking David's cock for a second to say "Yeah, he's cool."
Proving to Tom that these boys are both paying attention.

"We'll talk about stuff when you want to. Have fun." Tom says. "Find me
when you're ready."

Text to Kevin and Zelsky: "Let's go run. TL"

Tom finds Zelsky waiting in the Family Room, dressed and ready for the
run. Kevin is scrambling to change his shoes and replies to Toms text with
one of his own: "2 mins Kevin"

After stretching, the men hit the track. "Let's do 2 laps." Tom
suggests. Alex and Kevin agree.

"That was pretty intense when the boy's parents came out of nowhere. Why do
the twins have a different last name than the grandmother? Zelsky asks.

"Dave Sanchez was telling me that the grandmother was the mother of one of
the wives." Tom shares. "And the Primary wife of the dad resented the twins
because they weren't hers. Their mother had either faded away, escaped or
died a few years ago. Nobody really knows. And apparently nobody ever tried
to find out. So, Margaret saw that Deke and David were vulnerable and
needed to be taken care of."

"Wow." Kevin says. "I Never even heard of Mormons until I came to Utah. I'm
sure learning a lot. But do we need to be worried?

"I don't think so, but we should always keep an eye out for this
family. They seem to be obsessed with money. And they've convinced
themselves that it's rightfully theirs. But, Kevin, I don't know for sure."
Tom speculates.

"Can we get together with Anton this morning and talk some of this porn
stuff through?" Zelsky asks. "It seems like there's a bunch of energy
between us about this porn project. I think we need to focus on how this
might be advantageous to the Intel group since that's who we need to prove
it to. Specifically, General Thomas."

"Yeah. Let's do that after a shower."

The three men shuck off their running garb and head naked to the shower
room on the first floor.

Tom gets a text from Dave Sanchez "S&L is eager for all the signature cards
to be completed. May I come retrieve them? DS"

Text from Tom: "what time? Do you know how to get here? TL"

Response from Dave: "Between 3 & 4. Need directions. DS"

Tom shares Location PIN with the Attorney.

As Tom and Kevin and Zelsky hit the showers, Tom grabs 3 towels for the
three men. Kevin and Zelsky are wet by the time Tom returns with the
towels.  Zelsky puts his arms out like a pelican to capture his two
favorite men and hug them both at the same time. "My two favorite
men... why do I love you so much?"

Kevin responds sarcastically, `cause we're the two cutest Army guys you
know."

Tom responds, "because we're the only two that aren't afraid to take you on
and show you who's boss." Tom grins broadly.

Zelsky says, "I think you're both right." Kissing Kevin first and then
Tom... both on the lips in a deeply sexual manner, grabbing Kevin by the
neck and Tom by his balls. "You two are definitely the sexiest." Both men
respond fully, kissing, hugging, groping. All three men get pretty strong
semi hard dicks, even though they know they have to wait until later.

Tom asks Kevin if he wants to clean out... offering to help. Kevin decides
to wait. Zelsky says "What about me? What if I want a little help cleaning
out?"

"You've never wanted assistance to have a clean out before." Tom says

"There's always a first time." Zelsky retorts.

"I'll help you. I am your ambassador after all." Kevin excites. "It's
practically my duty. And I'd be happy to wash inside and outside
today... It's our butt wash special."

"How long does a Butt Wash Special take? I have to be at a meeting." Zelsky
plays along.

"I can just clean out your crevices, or I can do a deep clean which will
take as long as you might like." Kevin offers.

Tom hears the conversation and offers: "You can borrow my clean out wand if
you need it."

"No, it's okay. I can handle this by myself." Kevin says. Kevin sticks the
clean out hose in Zelsky's ass and gives it a few short squats with warm
water. And then points to the drain where Zelsky squats to empty out. "I
can offer a little polish on that crevice. Zelsky bends over and Tom puts
his arm around Zelskys' torso as Kevin sticks his tongue in the big man's
butt hole. Tom runs his hands over Zelsky's big chest as Kevin eats his
hole. A few of the men of the House have stopped to watch. A couple of
which are starting to stroke their cocks. But a moment later Tom puts a
stop to the public play, telling the guys to come back tonight for some
fun.

We gotta go chat with Anton. How about if we order some food and beer for
later? The gallery and the main players all agree that this sounds great.

When Tom and Zelsky enter the Sergeant's office they catch Anton watching a
porn movie that he downloaded. Anton kind of scrambles to close the screen
as they guys walk through the door. "At Ease soldier," Tom chides
Anton. Anton is relieved to see it's just these sergeants. Kevin straggles
in behind them. "Is Tyrone around?"

"No, in fact I think he's leaving either tomorrow or Sunday." Anton
responds.

"Did we get his boxes into storage?" Tom asks.

"No. The storages places haven't called back yet. But I told Tyrone I'd
take care of it one way or another.. as long as the boxes are marked for
storage."

"Um, okay. I'll call Tyrone and check in with him." Tom tells Anton. Tom
looking over to Zelsky says, "Should we be taking Tyrone out or something?"

"I feel like we've done that. But maybe we should take him to breakfast or
something on the way to that airport. We should drive him I think." Zelsky
advises Tom.

"Anyway, Anton.. Let's go in here," Tom taking Tyrone's big office for the
first time. "I guess this is officially my first meeting."

"Kevin, are Seb and Owen joining us? Tom asks.

Oh, I thought this meeting was prior to that meeting." Kevin answers.

"Okay. If you have a question, ask." Tom says.

"Anton. I've been giving your idea a lot of thought. We need to think it
through carefully before we present it to General Thomas.," Tom sets the
tone.

"Oh, I didn't realize we were moving that fast. Perhaps we should have a
proof of performance page where we can show that the plan is effective
before we take it to the General. You know, select the guys, make a couple
of movies. Try it out. See how our clients respond." Anton states.

"We are on the same page, Anton. But I want to go even a little slower than
that." Tom offers a plan. "I want to have us rate some of the current
popular porn movies and figure out which type we'd be comfortable trying to
produce. And then doing some test shoots so the men can learn from the
experience. Show them how they look on camera. Take some classes on
production and lighting and maybe editing. So, we kind of have to choose
who we think will want to learn what... and the best way to calculate that
is to ask the men. But I believe that, at least in the beginning, actors
and cameramen and directors and lighting guys might all be involved on a
rotating basis, which sort of fits in with your idea of having rotating
ambassadorial teams. So, now we need to figure out some kind of production
schedule, class schedule, and match it to a client schedule, all of which
can be adjusted to fit.

"I think we can do lighting and camera classes online." Zelsky shares.

"I do too." Tom concurs.

"I like your idea about doing some test shoots so that we can see what we
do looks like, "Kevin offers. "That will help a lot. I definitely learned
some stuff from the first one."

"Kevin, when we shot the vid of you and Noah, did you hear anything
negative from the guys in the House?" Were there any negative comments?

"Fuck, no. They mostly wanted to do a scene. They want to see what they
look like on TV." Kevin offers. "Nobody said anything negative that I
heard."

"So, you said Noah and Seb and you to start. Is there anybody else we
should start with?" Tom asks.

"Yeah, I think that guy Sean is a natural." Zelsky says.

"I like Greg Miller and Chris Darnell," says Anton

"Look, we can enroll all the guys in the House. The problem is that we
don't know enough to make a professional grade movie right away." Zelsky
tells the group. "I have no doubt that all of these guys would be great if
they want to do this... and we have to be very sure they understand what
they're getting into."

Anton points out: "We have to make sure that we don't do something
explosive. Each of these guys has to be star quality enough to do a scene
or more and then be the actor enough to convince our clients that they're
lucky to be introduced. So, we have to understand how a wealthy guy would
feel if he were introduced to a porn star."

"Why only a wealthy guy?" Kevin says. "Why not any gay man?"

"And what's the quality that makes these porn starts Irresistible? Tom
wonders aloud, "Because that's what's going to make this program work for
General Thomas."

Kevin offers, "It makes me think that we need to do a screen test for every
single guy here."

"Ughhh.... You're probably right." Tom reacts. "So, Anton, let's start
learning about cameras and lighting. We're gonna have to start at the
beginning."

"Sounds like there's gonna be a party at the House this evening." Zelsky
thinks aloud. "Kevin, you want to take some action shots with your
phone. We can start to create a plan and put some bios together.

"I'm good with that." Kevin agrees. "Tom, I can't buy beer. But I can order
chicken. Tell me what to do."

"Okay, Zelsky can you go buy some beer? Kevin... check to see if we need
coffee stuff. I've got figure out when Dave is arriving. I'll go with you
if I can." Tom states.

"Dave's coming here?" Zelsky is surprised "What's up?"

"The Bank is eager to have the signature cards." Tom the trustee
responds. "I think that they get antsy when money gets moved around and
there's no corresponding signatures. Plus, it gives Dave a reason to come
see the boys and get to know all of us. He has quickly become an important
part of our lives. He's smart to know who's who."

"He knows all of the players." Zelsky replies.

"And yet the Bankers will want the signature cards. He's just following
through." Tom points out.

Tom sends Dave a text: "ETA? TL"

"45 mins" came the text response.

"Going to buy beer. Having a party this evening. Hope you'll join us. You
will recv msg from Kevin in a few mins. Contact him B4 U arrive." Tom hits
send.

"Kevin, here is Dave Sanches phone. Call him now to send him your
number. We'll be right back. I'll call Bob's Chicken. But let Sean know
there's a party."

"Anton... you ready?" Tom says "Let's Roll." The two sergeants get in the
car. "Something's missing."

"Call Tyrone." Zelsky tells him.

Tom immediately calls Tyrone on speaker.

"Hi Tom, glad you called." Tyrone says.

"Zelsky and I are just driving to the store, and we were thinking of you."
Tom tells Tyrone. "What are you up to?

"Honestly, I'm just sitting here in my house wondering what I've
forgotten. I'm leaving on Monday, but I'm pretty much ready to go."

"You want some company?" Tom asks.

"I'd love some company."

"We'll be right there." Tom tells him.

"Good timing," Zelsky comments. Tom and Alex have a moment of quiet on the
ride to pick up Tyrone.

"It felt a little odd sitting in Tyrone's office knowing that he's not
coming back. It doesn't feel like my office yet." Tom comments.

"I certainly understand how change feels. I'm going through my own
changes. I need to get back to my base and take care of some of the
transition stuff that I have to take care of. But listen, Tyrone isn't gone
from your life, just from that office."

"I talked with Deke and David up in their apartment this morning. I'm
pretty sure they'll be up to socialize if we do something this evening."
Tom tells Zelsky. "But keep your eye on the porn candidates and see what
you think in terms of how they look... or might look on camera, some of
which we've already seen... You want to be a porn actor?

"Well, I suppose that could happen but I kind of want to try my hand at
directing and maybe even editing." Zelsky suggests.

Text to Dave Sanchez: "I had to do an errand. See Kevin when you
arrive. Stay for Party tonight. TL"

As the men pull up to Tyrone's house, they spot the big man watering some
plants in the side yard. "Greetings men. Thanks for dropping by."

"We're on a beer run. Want to get away for a few mins?" Tom asks.  "We're
going to have some fun at the House tonight. Want to join us? I mean, how
could you possibly turn your back on fried chicken and beer?"

"I was going to say no, but with an offer like that... who's gonna be
there? Am I gonna get laid?" Tyrone asks.

"I'm gonna tell you af wild story." Tom says to Tyrone. "You remember at
Dore Alley when Kevin got pissed on in line at the urinals?"

"Oh yeah... I haven't thought about it, but yeah, I heard the story."
Tyrone answers.

"Well, the guy that filled Kevins belly with piss turns out to live in
SLC. AND they recognized one another yesterday at the cemetery... AND he
was Margaret Fuller's attorney... AND I think he'll be at the play party
tonight. So, I think you should come tonight."

"Well, that doesn't compare to fried chicken and beer... but sounds
interesting. Yeah, I'll come. Is there a bed in the House if I can't drive?
Tyrone asks.

"I don't know that off the top of my head. But why don't you call Greg and
see if he's planning to be there tonight." Tom suggests. "But even if he's
not you'd still get a lot of attention, connect with some of the men. And
if necessary you'd sleep on the couch." Tom advises.

"You know, that sounds fun. I'll come. What time? Tyrone asks.

"Probably 6, but you might want to check with Kevin. He knows when the food
is arriving. We're just the beer runners." Tom tells Tyrone.

"Well, if you say so. I think I know exactly who you are and what you
do... and I have to say, I'm proud of what I see. At first, I imagined that
you'd be emulating me. But you've proven to be your own man and I'm
impressed... both of you actually. You're a good team." Tyrone compliments
the two sergeants.

"You're very generous," Zelsky responds. "Would you like a ride to the
airport on Monday morning?"

"Thanks, yes. That's a hell of a taxi ride. But we'd have to leave fairly
early. Flight is at 0930 Hours."

"Ok. We'll coordinate about the details on Sunday." Zelsky coordinates.

After the sergeants cram 6 cases of beer into the back of the Van, they
dropped Tyrone back at his house. "See you tonight."

Text to Kevin: "Tyrone will attend tonight. TL"

"Do we need to pick up anything else?" Tom asks Zelsky.

"Well... if we're talking about food, I always find that I'd like a good
Taco. We always have chicken and pizza."

"Is there a good Taco place around here?" Tom asks.

"I wish I knew. But what about like a Taco Bell? Could you do that?" Zelsky
asks.

"Sure. Find one. But I've gotta get back to the House pretty quickly. Dave
is probably waiting for me." Tom explains.

"I'll find one for next time. There's gotta be a Taco Bell somewhere
nearby." Zelsky promises.

Still 10 minutes away from the Army Base Tom phones Kevin. "Hey. Has Dave
shown up? Okay, good. Tell him we're on our way. Anything to report? Oh
good. You think everyone wants to attend the party? Cool. Do you know if
Greg is coming? Have you seen Deke and David today? Okay, Kevin... go
upstairs and see if the Twins might like to come down and join us for a
beer in a bit. Encourage them to come down and be social. We'll be back
with beer in a few... "

Anton is charged up by today's meeting, feeling empowered by his ideas
being honored, even if it doesn't work out. He feels wanted by his boss,
Sergeant Tom Lansford. They've been friends for a long time, but more on an
equal level, when Tom was a Corporal. Certainly, Tom is more aggressive
now, has become way kinkier, which Anton appreciates, but also they
interact on a different level. They used to only plan out schedules of the
Ambassadors. Tom does that less most recently. But there's much so much
change with Tyrone leaving that Tom hasn't really fallen into a dependable
routine.

When Tom and Zelsky arrive, they park and begin to unload cases of beer
which get placed in the corners of the dining room and the Kitchen for easy
access. "Maybe we should just put two cases in the shower room." Zelsky
tells Tom. Tom grins and nods at the idea.

"And maybe we should put some towels on the floor outside the shower. Less
mopping the floor in the morning." Tom comments.

Tom sees the attorney waiting at the Kitchen table. "Hey, glad you found
us. That's a trek. Did they give you a hard time or let you in the main
gate?" Tom asks Dave as he extends his hand to shake it.

"Kevin had called ahead so the gate guards knew to expect me." Dave shares
as he looks around, surveying the scene. "This is quite the little hub of
activity you have here. And everybody here is so sexy."

"Let's get the Signature cards dealt with before we forget about them" Tom
suggests "Walk with me up to my office. You will need to know my Corporal,
William Anton. But hold on a sec...

"Kevin... did you see Deke and David?"

"I did. They said they've down." Kevin reports.

"I need you and them to come up to my office so that you can all sign
Signature cards for the bank. And by that, I mean now!  The Sergeant tells
Kevin. "Dave and I are going up now. Come up there asap. If they want to
take a shower, do it afterward."

"Yes Sir." Kevin worries, not wanting to upset the twins.

"Do I get to meet Tyrone? You guys talk about him often." Dave asks.

"He's not in his office. In fact, he's given up his office to me. I'm his
replacement. He's flying out to Officer training school on Monday. But
he'll be here tonight for the party. You'll meet him there." Tom tells
Dave, continuing to walk toward his office. The men walk up the stairs to
the Quonset style building into the outer office where Anton stands to
greet Sergeant Lansford and his guest. "Anton, meet Dave Sanchez who is the
lawyer for the Twins Grandmother.

"Nice to meet you," Anton said shaking the Attorney's hand.

"Anton was the man that the Twins first went up to talk to at Dore
Alley. He's the one they say was their first friend." Tom shares.

"Actually, we never met at Dore, but I remember seeing you there. Very sexy
man."

Anton looks a bit uneasy. Tom asks, "how do you remember if you didn't
meet?"

"Because he is my fantasy man." Dave says to Tom. "Not to worry, Anton... I
don't stalk. But it is, indeed, very nice to see you again, even if you are
significantly clothed."

Tom opens the door to his office and tells Dave, "Have a seat, I'll be
right in. Would you like a water or a coffee?"

"I had invited him to our party tonight. Is that going to be a difficulty
for you?'

"Nope. I'm so rarely identified as somebody's fantasy. And he's a hot
little thing." Anton says with a grin.

"Everyone is a little thing compared to you... Bring me a water please."
Tom walks inside.

"I was out of line," Dave says. "That wasn't appropriate for me to say,
especially in front of his boss."

"Listen, what you don't yet know is that all the guys in my Unit are Intel
agents. They're all gay and they have been hired because they're very
sexy. Anton until just a couple of weeks ago was the First Private in
charge of the House, which is the job that Kevin has now. We're all very
intimate with each other. Most of the time they guys are naked. We shower
together. We have casual sex almost every day. We're a house full of
pigs. And if it weren't for the fact that Kevin identified you as the guy
that pissed a bladder full of piss down his throat, I wouldn't have asked
you to stay for this evening's festivities. I guess I'm assuming that
you're a piss pig too..

"If I wasn't before, I'd certainly be intrigued by that explanation. But,
yes, I'm a pig. I'm mostly Dom. And there aren't a lot of piss pigs to play
with in SLC. There are a lot of gay men, but not piss pigs." Dave explains
with a smile.

"I'm certain you will be challenged this evening. They're all subs, but
there is a lot of role playing and fucking. It's a very kinky
bunch... including Tyrone and Anton. BUT let's take care of these Signature
Cards before the cloud of Beer makes us forget. By the way, there is food
at the party. And it's okay, but we have it just to not get obliterated. We
serve our beer warm."

Tom presses his intercom button and says, "Would you find out where Kevin
and Deke and David are please?"

"Sergeant," Anton says with his voice in protocol mode because Tom has a
guest. "They're standing right here in front of me. Shall I send them in?"

"Please." Tom says.

The door opens. "Gentlemen, please grab a seat. We are in the process of
setting up some bank accounts for each of you. The bank needs your
signatures. One for each of you. Deke, sign right here. David, you have one
too. Thank you. Kevin, have you signed one yet?

Deke says, "Why are we opening a bank account? We don't have any money."

"Guys, you remember that your Gran asked me to take care of you guys?" Both
of the twins nod solomnly.

"We're setting up accounts for you so that when your Grandmother's house
sells we'll have some place to put the money. Remember... she said you
could have her house?"  Tom explains softly to the twins. "And remember too
that you're going to start a business, well, you're going to earn money
from that too. And, we talked about you guys need a truck. Your gran left
some money with me for that too. One day we'll go find a truck for you. But
we don't have to do that for a few days."

Dave Sanchez sat there witnessing how Tom speaks with the boys in a way
that they can comprehend but not talking down to them. Just parsing his
words for them to follow.

"You know that we're having a party this evening, right?" Tom asks.

"Yes. We do. We decided that we're only going to have sex with other guys
tonight." David says.

"And why is that? Tom asks.

"Because we've just been sucking each since Gran died." David says "We
wanna do something different tonight."

"Sounds like a plan." Tom says "Thanks for coming to my office."

"Sure." The twins say in unison. "One more thing... do you want us to start
doing coffee stuff again?

"Yes, I do." Tom affirms. "And guys, don't drink too much beer
tonight. Drink bottles of water too, okay?"

After the boys left the room, Dave says, "Wow. I just learned so much. I
had never had a conversation with the boys. They're not stupid at all, but
they are so lucky to have you. I was amazed to hear you explain why they
need a bank account. You didn't lie to them, but you honored Margaret's
directions. That answered so many questions for me."

"Actually, the boys lucked out when they met Anton and Kevin... and
Tyrone. These boys could have just wound up on the street if it wasn't for
those very compassionate men... who, by the way, the boys were begging to
learn and experience gay sex. The twins even picked Kevin as their
Master. He's only like 6 or 8 months older than they are."

"He is so much more mature. Why is that do you suppose? They're all very
sexual." Dave wonders.

"I think Kevin is driven. He entered the Army to find himself. The boys
were abandoned by their step-dad. Actually thrown out on the streets. They
could have easily died if they didn't have their Grandmother to turn
to. They are wonderful boys. We feel very lucky to have them around." Tom
tells Dave.

"And they're very lucky to have you looking after them." Attorney Sanchez
points out.

"We're closing in on party time. Let's walk back down to the House." Tom
says.

On the way out the door, Dave stops in front of Anton's desk and says "I
hope you'll forgive my indiscrete comment, especially being in front of
your boss."

"Anton asks Dave "Do you like to suck on big dick?"

"Well of course. I'm a kinky gay man." Dave answered sheepishly.

"Then I'm sure you'll find some way for you to earn your forgiveness."
Anton told him. "I'm gonna lock up here in a minute and I'll be right
down."

When Tom and his guest got to the House, Tom asked Kevin if there is a room
for Tyrone or for Dave. Kevin said, "I don't really know who expected back
tonight. Most of the men are in the House. We might have a couple of
rooms. I'm not sure, but I'll tell you later when I know."

"I just want to tell Dave where he can take his clothes off. Tom tells
Kevin.

"Oh." Kevin says with disappointment.

"Look, I should have checked with you before I invited Tyrone, but he
leaves on Monday so I wanted to include him."

"That's fine. We'll figure it out.  You can fit more naked men in a room
than men wearing clothes." Kevin says.

"Is that like an old saying of your grandmother's?

"Shut up." Kevin replies

Tom walks away seeing that Kevin is too busy to kibitz.

Anton, still fully clothed walks over and tells Kevin about the
conversation with Dave Sanchez. "This is one cute little otter"

"You like him?" Kevin asks.

"Yeah, plus he remembered me from Dore Alley.

"Well, he told Tom that I was his fantasy"

"How do you know that?" Kevin asks.

"Because he said it right in front of f me. And then apologized for being
so indiscrete after, still in front of Tom." Anton recalls.

"What did you say?" Kevin asks

"Not wanting to let the moment slip by... I asked if he likes to suck big
dick." Anton answers.

"Did you know that he pissed down my throat in line for the urinals at
Dore?"

"I do remember that you told me that it happened. I didn't know it was
him. But listen, Kevin. You have the two hottest men at the House. This
Dave guy has already punched your ticket... and still I think that we have
a whole night of naked, wet sex before us. I think there's probably enough
piss to go around. Let's just play and see what happens. Maybe we wind up
in a 3 Way. It's gonna be fun no matter what. I'm gonna go get naked and
grab a couple of beers. Would you like one?"

"Yeah, sorry. I'm a jealous ass. You're more important than he is
anyway. You're like my big, sexy brother. Love you." Kevin hugs Anton and
kisses him deeply.

Tom comments to Zelsky, "I wonder what that was about. You seldom see a
fully clothed Army guy kissing a naked man so passionately. Good thing we
know those guys." Zelsky grinned. "Let's go upstairs and get appropriately
undressed."

Sean came in from the Motor Pool where he still works, even though he has
an apartment upstairs in the House. "Hey Kevin... need help with anything?"

"Yeah... get cleaned up and help me get the food set up, which should be
here any minute." Kevin tells him.

"I'll go get my clothes off. Grab a quick shower." Sean says.

Halfway up the first flight of stairs, Kevin calls out: "Hey Sean, can my
buddy, Dave, leave his clothes in your apartment? I don't know which room
he's going to to stay in yet."

"Sure, come with me... do me a favor, grab me a beer." Dave grabs 2 beers
and follows the sexy soldier up to Apartment 24, where they enter, Sean
immediately shucking his clothes. Dave hands him a beer which Sean opens
and takes a big swig.

"Okay if I take my clothes off?" Dave asks his host.

"Jeez... of course. That's why you followed me up here, isn't it" Sean said
with a big smile. He watches Dave carefully take off one piece of clothing
at a time. He takes his loafers off, sticks his socks in them. Takes off
his slacks off and hangs them over a hanger. His button down shirt gets
hung on the same hanger. His underwear slips off and he folds them and
stuffs it in his pants pocket.

"Wow. You certainly are a sexy man. You must be kind of a special guy."
Sean takes a swig of beer, "These guys don't ever have guests at their
parties. These parties are only closed. Kevin called you his buddy, which
probably also means that you're friends with Tom or Zelsky. You gonna drink
some of that beer or am I gonna drink alone?"

Dave opens his beer and takes health gulp. "You're my first guest," Sean
says as he reaches over to Dave's chest and drags the back of his fingers
across Dave's nipples. Dave gets a little tingle and hold up his beer and
offers a toast.

"Cheers." The two naked men begin to admire the other's body.

"I'm really ready for this tonight." Sean observes. "Ready for some fun."

"I don't know what to expect exactly but I'm pretty sure that a House full
of extremely sexy men like you have here seems like it has to be an awesome
experience. What are you into?" Dave asks.

"Hot sex." Sean responds. "You Dom or Sub?" Sean grins.

"Well, I'm Dom but I can get fucked if I'm in a hot scene." Dave shares.

"You're in luck. You'll be like the only Dom among the 20 hot subs you'll
meet tonight. Everyone here is looking for a good Top. What are you into?"
Sean inquires and reaches over to Daves neck and pulls him in for a kiss,
simultaneously grabbing the man's cock and squeezing it to help it
along. Without pulling his lips off of Daves, Sean whispers, "nice cock...

"Yours too, hot man." Dave's hand feeling under Sean's balls. Dave bounces
Seans balls playfully with his left hand, then playfully squeezes the man's
scrotum. "Suck my cock." Dave tells Sean.

"Yes sir." Sean says as he squats down to take his new friend's cock into
his mouth, as directed. Both of the men's growing cocks take over their
thought process and the blowjob that Sean is performing becomes more, as
Sean's hand creeps up Dave's left leg to his glutes, his fingers on a
mission to find the Dom man's butthole, giving it a little brush while both
men moan slightly.

"We need to stop." Dave grabs Sean's right leg. "Too soon to blow. We have
so much fun ahead of us. What are you looking forward to the most tonight?
Dave asks.

"Mostly I'm into serving, I think. What about you?"

"Well, I always enjoy pissing down a boy's throat. I'm telling too much."
Dave says.

"You're fine. There's lots of guys into piss. You'll have fun
tonight. Would you mind giving me a little taste?" Sean asks.

"Uh, sure." Dave agrees. Sean gets down on his knees and opens his
mouth. It takes a moment for the flow to begin. And then in nice little
burst of piss shoots into Sean's mouth. He swallows and smacks his lips.

Dave asks, "how was that?"

Sean stands and says, "Drink a couple more beers." Grinning a little
sheepishly.

"That's gonna happen for sure. Come find me in a while and give me anther
taste test." Dave says.

"I promise. But I have to shower now. Wanna join me?

Dave follows Sean's lead, walking down flights of stairs to the kitchen and
show room on the first floor. "I'll grab some towels," as Sean points to
the showers. It takes all of twenty seconds for Sean to return with two
towels only to find Private Tim Butler suckin on Dave's semi hard 8.5-Inch
cock. Sean turns on the shower next to the attorney, wets his face and
hair, leans over to Dave, kisses him. "Nice cock." Sean says as though they
were just meeting for the first time. Dave laughs as he continues to ignore
that Tim is sucking on his dick.

As the men arrive, mostly from their apartments the men first grab a beer
and then check out whatever activity is going on in the showers. That's
where the piss action happens. If one of the guys doesn't feel like getting
wet right away, they can just sit on the couch and wait for a BJ, or stand
against a wall with a beer in their hand as though hangin out in a
bar... until a guy comes along to make small talk. That's what would happen
in a bar. Here a guy would approach you by touching the waiting guy, or
just start kissing. Another successful approach is "What are you waiting
for or What do you feel like doing?" Most of these guys have played
together in the past and they're very aware of the kinks of the man that
they are sidling up to...

In this particular case, Private Noah Peltski walks up to Private Joey
Reynolds, who is leaning up again the wall that separates the Kitchen from
the Family Room. Each of the men are holding a can of warm lite beer in
their hands. Noah says "Hey Joey, I feel like sucking your big cock... "

"I was thinking about getting you wet." Joey replies, smiling.

"Cool. How about if I get your dick hard for you first." Noah offers.

"Cool. But I'm gonna need a little sloppy attention on my balls first."
Joey says, taking Noah by his hand and leading him into the Family
room. "Sit on the floor," Joey instructs his volunteer."

"Yes Sir." Says Noah respectfully. As Noah licks all around Joey's sack,
including the soft part underneath, "Very tasty, Joey." Joey's cock,
inflating quickly, but Joey holds Noah's head in place, telling Noah to
continue.

Kevin, after scanning the room, sees what's going on ,on the couch and
decides to observe close up. He sits down right beside Joey, starts to
stroke his arms, and watches Noah continue to service Joey's taint and
balls. Joey tells Kevin to put is mouth on his cock, which Kevin does.

"Hey, that's mine." Noah pops up with a smile on his face, starting to
service the rest of Joey's 12-inch shaft, now working in unison with Kevin,
who's getting a nice taste of pre that's oozing out of Joey's dick. Kevin
grabs Noah by the hair on the back of his head and pulls him into a kiss so
that both men can share the tasty dick sap. Joey forces his cock back
between the lips of the two sub boys so that they continue to service
it. Noah and Kevin enjoying the kiss between them as much as Joey's big
cock.

Tom and Zelsky arrive down the stairs naked. Both chugged up. Tom spots
Dave in the shower room, the two men naked for the first time
together. "Looking good, Dave tells Tom.

"Some people look better with clothes on... you look better naked." Tom
tells Dave, "Let's grab a beer and I'll give you a lay of the men here."

"Awesome. Very Hot men," Dave comments.

"They have to be. That's part of the job description. "Sergeant Lansford
explains. "These guys are all Intel officers, and they openly seduce their
contacts. But they have to be exceptionally sexy and endowed to be
qualified."

"I had no idea." Dave tells Tom.

"You're not supposed to have an idea., that would defeat the purpose."

I see.

"By the way... we have a rule at this House. You can never say No. If
somebody wants to do something, you have to comply."

"Why do you have a rule like that?" Dave asks.

"Because all of these guys have clients who can ask them to do pretty much
anything. They are `ambassadors.' They don't get to refuse. So, here,
although very sexy and fun, It's good practice for the men. I'm telling you
this because you will certainly be propositioned. Just because you're not a
member of the House doesn't mean that you don't have to do what's
asked. For instance, if I told you to get down on your knees and suck my
cock you'd be obliged to do it." Tom tells Dave.

"I see" Dave says.

"Yeah, you would.... And, by the way... I just did." Tom says. "I said the
magic words: get down on your knees and suck my cock."

"Oh... okay." Dave got down on his knees and began to suck Tom's
cock. There was nobody on the first floor that missed that detail. Dave was
excited to taste the sergeant's cock in his mouth.

"Hey Zelsky, come over here and meet the new guy." Dave started to stand
up. "I didn't tell you to stop. You don't need to get up. In fact, Sergeant
Zelsky, stick your big cock in Dave's mouth. Zelsky's cock, already half
hard, swells up in Dave's mouth very quickly. Dave is excited to try to
swallow as much of it as possible just to see if he could do it. "I have to
piss," Tom says to Zelsky and then begins to piss onto Zelsky's cock, which
Dave is sucking. "That's right boy, you just stay right there and be a good
little piss drinker." A moment later he'd gone dry. "I'm gonna go grab
another beer. Want one?" Tom asks Zelsky"

"Yeah, it seems like I could be running out soon" Zelsky laughs.

When Tom very quickly returns with Zelsky's beer, Tom bends over, right
down to Dave's face, hearing him swallow, and says "I'm assuming you don't
need another beer just yet."

About 30 seconds later Zelsky says... "You can come up now?" Zelsky asks
Dave. "I'm out for the moment ... until I get a refill. But you're a good
cocksucker."

Dave stands up and says "What if I like your dick in my mouth? And by the
way, I was trying to get more of it down my throat. Maybe you'll give me a
little training later in the evening."

"Of course I will."

There seems to be increasing activity in the shower room. Sean Covin is
making it known that he needs to take someone's piss down his throat. Owen
walks in and says. "I've gotta piss. Get on your knees buddy" Sean is quick
to respond. And just as Owen starts to flow, Seb Carter steps up, "Hey
Sean, stand up... Owen, spread his cheeks. I'm gonna fill his ass." Seb
slightly greased dick fills Sean's back entrance and he takes a few pumps
to get both men comfortable... and then starts to let the piss flow into
Sean's ass, at the same time as Owen fills his mouth. Sean groans when he
realizes the effect of taking both men at the same time. When Owen goes
dry, he tells Sean to keep sucking his cock.

Several men standing around the Kitchen and Dining areas outside of the
Glass walled room, decide that they should join in. Private Joey Reynolds,
Private Paul Porter, Private Chris Darnell, Private Tyler Johnson, Private
Paul Porter, Private Anthony Jackson paraded into the waterproof room,
followed by four others, filling the room to capacity. Anthony Jacksons'
12-inch cock got the most attention when Anthony told Paul Porter to suck
his magnificent cut cock.

Paul got down on his knees, looking up at Anthony grinning, hoping to be
able to take that massive thing down his throat. Antony is really well
liked at the house but is known for his relentless poundings for either
fucking or getting head... and not stopping until he hits bottom. Paul has
always admired Anthony's cock. It's magnificent, but it's also a
weapon. "Anthony, can you go not so hard?"

"Gotta go hard, dude. Would you rather I fuck you? Anthony asks.

"Both. Can I suck your cock until I can't anymore...and then you can fuck
me." Without saying another word, Private Porter opened his mouth and took
the 12-inch weapon as far down into his mouth as he could without choking,
and he successfully got Anthony to the edge... but when Paul got to that
point, Anthony withdrew his cock from Paul's mouth, it left Paul sputtering
and coughing. Paul hadn't any man go down his throat that far.

With his cock in Paul's ass, Anthony attempts to loosen his ass up a bit by
thrusting a few times until it felt tight. Anthony pulled out and then
leaned over and spat on Paul's hole, rubbing the impromptu lube into Paul's
hole. He spit on this own cock once more and then stuck his big dick
6-inches in on the first thrust. Paul was a little stunned. "Anthony, piss
a little in my ass. Get some liquid in there before you go to town on my
hole." Paul tells him.

Anthony fills it up putting good use the to two warm beers he drank 25
minutes before. "Ahhh that feels good. Your hole is so good. Maybe I should
make you my dedicated hole." Paul gets a little nervous about this. Anthony
is bigger in every dimension. Taller, bulkier, more muscular, and a cock a
few inches longer. And Private Porter couldn't have been more excited
... and nervous. He's a sub, he likes to be slightly afraid of his Dom.
Anthony isn't a Dom, but he has the street cred of being slightly
tough. And none of the guys at the House would ever say a bad word about
him.

Dave and Kevin wind up chatting in the Kitchen, sitting at the small round
table. "Glad to actually get to know you." Kevin tells Dave.

"Me too, Kevin. I don't remember ever becoming friends with a urinal." Dave
says.

Kevin tells him, "Let me know when you really, really have to piss. I'd
love to show Tom what he missed by not going to Dore Ally.

"Tom invited me to join you guys at Folsom Fair this year." Dave shares
with Kevin.

"Cool, are you going to drive over with us?"  Kevin questions.

"I think so. Depends on your schedule. I don't yet know when a client will
require my presence. Which is typical.

"We did last time. We took the Motor Pool's van. It was sex on wheels. Very
fun. It was mostly fucking and sucking because it might have gotten messy
if we tried piss.

Deke and David show up, looking kind of unsure about what to do.... A
little befuddled as though they had just awakened from a nap. "Were you
just still asleep?

More to come...

SgtEvans44@gmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Mon, 4 May 2026 17:18:34 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones - New Orders 58

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private. This is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you
aren't interested in this subject, or this is illegal where you live,
please stop reading. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/
and all the great works they archive. Nifty carries the costs of keeping
all of these great stories available for you to read. If you're here,
enjoying the stories on Nifty, then you are likely benefitting from the
existence of this great site. Please support Nifty.org. Take a moment to
click on the link above and make any donation that you can afford. Thank
you.

All rights to this story are retained by the author.

I'm at SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you're thinking as you
read this.


New Orders 58


Day 48		0500 Hours


The three inhabitants of Apartment 14 woke up quickly having gone to bed a
little early. They all had sex at Tyrone's last night and so were pretty
sleepy when they hit the sack.

"Let's do coffee downstairs this morning. I have to find Anton and Owen."
Tom shares with Kevin and Alex. "You guys sleep good?"

"Yup. " Kevin said. "I'm in!

"Ya know, I did. But I'm too big for Queen sized bed. I love sleeping next
to you guys, but sometimes I'd like the choice as opposed to the bed making
the choice for me." Alex grumbles.

"I get it. Kevin... you want a bigger bed too?" Tom asks him.

"Ya know, Zelsky, sometimes I wake up with your dick in my mouth simply
because there isn't room for it anywhere else. You sure you want to give
that up?" Kevin jokes.

"He's got a point," Tom tells Alex with a chuckle.

"Not really, I'm sure there's someplace else we can manage to put it."
Zelsky wisecracks.

The three men line up at the coffee and protein bar because it's too
crowded behind the bar, with Owen and Anton and the Twins all all for the
pleasure of a bit of caffeine to start their morning.

"Anton, come sit with me for a minute in the family room when you get your
coffee. I'll bring mine as well" Tom tells his Corporal. Got a couple of
matters."

"I'll bring two cups. Meet you in there." Anton promises... a moment later
Anton hands Tom, his friend and Sergeant, a cup of coffee the way he likes
it: " Milk and Splenda. I don't know how you can stand that stuff."

"A couple of things I want to go over quickly. I'm meeting the Trust
Attorney for breakfast in SLC. Then the goal is to get to the Credit Union
and open a couple of accounts, one of them is for me so that we can get on
the path to buying Tyrone's house. We're going to need to figure out how we
can get the boys on the right path. By the way, Deke and David's Gran will
be buried this afternoon at a cemetery near SLC. Would you like to be
there?"

"I hate funerals." Anton shares.

"You don't have to go, but it's not a funeral. It's just the burial. And
the only reason you'd go it to support the Twins. Let me know if you change
your mind. Tyrone and Kevin are going. But, on another note: I want to
discuss your client load as an ambassador. I want to distribute your
clients to other ambassadors unless there are two or three men you really
want to keep. Do you need time to think about that?" Sergeant Lansford
asks.

"Do I only get to keep 2 or 3?" Anton asks.

"No, it just didn't occur to me that you'd want more. I'm trying to lighten
your load so that I can depend on you to be in my office at maximum
capacity." Tom tells Anton.

So, I've shared with you my concerns about being stuck at a desk all the
time and I've been thinking about this. Is this a good time to discuss
this? I mean do you have 10 minutes?"

"Sure," Tom says to Anton and both men sit on the couch naked discussing
the operations of their unit. Both men feeling very comfortable with one
another.

"I've been thinking that I'd like to see us build small teams of
ambassadors so that we can cover for each other when there are other duties
that need to be taken care of. I'd love to be able to bring Noah or Paul or
Seb with me to meet client. And if I'm away with a client Noah can fill in
for me on the desk or with the Client." Anton explains to Tom. "I think the
clients might like the idea of 3 ways or maybe develops a fondness for
another ambassador. It's all about servicing the client and getting the
most quality Intel we can derive from these clients. And then, Tom, if we
layer that with the celebrity factor that we can create with our guys as
porn actors, the clients will be ecstatic to share... or at least I think
we should experiment with that.

"Okay... I like the concept, but explain to me how these guys become
celebrities. I'm not following."

"Tom, this was your idea: make some of our men into porn stars." Anton
sells Tom. "The ambassador of that certain client shares that one of his
friends is a porn star, like I would send a porn clip with Kevin or Owen to
my client and ask if I can bring him along when we meet next. I think that
more than 80% of our clients would be wild to meet a porn actor, we could
have a little intimacy and chat and drinks. Another time Owen would bring
another porn star, maybe Bill Palmer... I don't know, it doesn't matter,
everyone would love it and we'd get further faster."

"That's a bit complicated. But maybe it can work. Let's give this some
thought, maybe with Zelsky and then we'll create a team of 3 or 4 guys and
see if it can work. We would need to get some good quality porn footage
though, with the guys. Maybe do some practice shoots with a few of our
guys... let them see how they appear on camera. Anybody can jack off in
front of a camera these days, just look at X." Observes Tom. "It's a great
idea, Anton."

"And we would be able to deploy or pull back on a dime. This doesn't have
to be a one size fits all deal... and I would help you organize it and keep
you organized at the same time." Anton guarantees Tom.

"Good. I got it. Listen, I need your help... I want you to figure out this
"Captain Williams" deal if you can today while we're gone. You probably
need to call him and see what kind of support he needs."

"Hey, did you guys get Tyrone squared away with packing?" Anton asks.

"We did. Most of his shit is packed up. Now we have to figure out a place
where we can store it until he knows where to send it." Tom tells him.

"Oh, yeah. I guess that's true. And you want me to do the research, right?"
Anton suggests

"Yup. Just map out 2 or 3 storage places with prices. No big, formal
thing." Tom tells Anton. The two men get up from the couch and head for the
kitchen.

"I gotta go for a run before I shower. I'll be sitting in a car all day."
Tom finds Kevin, still having coffee with Zelsky.

"You want to shower?" Zelsky asks.

"I do, but I'm going to be in the car most of the day. So will you if
you're going with me." Tom tells Zelsky.

"What about me... what do you want me to do?" Kevin asks

"Kevin. Come run with me, or us. I need you to bring Deke and David to the
cemetery this afternoon," Tom explains. "I don't have the location yet but
I need to meet with the attorney this morning and he'll have the details,
which I will text to you. And, Kevin... Please explain to the boys that
none of their family can know about this. Margaret didn't want them to
attend. And the boys have to get as dressed up and you can get them, which
probably means jeans and a long-sleeved shirt, which we just bought for
them. And you need to be dressed and ready to go when I text you. I'll let
you know as quickly as I can find out."

"Okay," Kevin said. "I thought I was going with you today."

"Listen, this is where the boys need your support. I would take them
myself, but I need to work out some things and I can't be everywhere at
once. I wish I could, especially today. Anton doesn't want to go and you
and Tyrone are their longest friendships." Tom points out. "Believe me when
I tell you that they need your support. Kevin, you sound disappointed, but
I need you to do your part today. I don't know which car you'll take. Maybe
her car. The Twins have it now. But check with Tyrone. Make a
plan...so... do you want to run with me?"

"Yes, Sir. I do." Kevin gets up from the table. Zelsky follows without
saying a word, but thinking how much he loves to hear Sergeant Lansford
give directions. 'I love these guys,' he almost spoke the words out loud.

"Hey, guys," Tom says to the two naked twins. "Today we're going to the
cemetery to bury your Grandmother. You know that, right?"

"We knew it was going to be one of these days. Nobody said today." David
looked deflated.

"I didn't know this until late last night and I still don't know what time
or where." Tom explains. "But you two will get dressed up and go with Kevin
or Tyrone and meet me at the cemetery. So, I want you both to have
something to say, okay? Like a prayer or something you want to tell her
about what she meant to you. Can you think about that?

Deke asks, "what should we say?

"Do you guys remember what your Gran said?" The twins just looked confused
and shook their heads. "She said that she didn't want a funeral... she only
wants you two to say a prayer when she's buried... so will you think about
what you want to say?  I'm going to do the same. I'm going to say something
too... but I don't know what I'm going to say yet. And, if you want to
write it down and read it to her, you can do that. Understand?" Tom
instructed softly.

"Yes, Sir." The twins said in unison.

"Okay... I'm gonna go run since I'll be sitting in a car all day. And I
have to leave right after my run. So, you need to ride with Kevin or
Tyrone. Talk to Kevin about it." Tom instructed them.

Dressed in their running shorts and shoes... and a workout shirt, Kevin,
Tom and Zelsky go outside to stretch for a minute and then take off on
their 2-mile course. Some of the men do double or triple laps, but Tom
doesn't have the time this morning.

"Guys... Anton had a really interesting idea that he shared with me. He
thinks maybe would should proceed to turn some of our guys into porn stars
that we could use to further engage our key clients." Sergeant Lansford
tells his closest confidants. "He thinks that we should look at creating a
3 or 4 man team for certain clients as a test and then expand that to all
of our clients on a case by case basis, thereby giving our ambassadors more
flexibility to handle multiple clients and obtain more intel. Perhaps more
Celebrity Pillow Talk. I'm adding some of my own thoughts here.  And by the
way, the conversation began when I asked if there were any of his clients
he would want to keep in terms of his being engaged as my Corporal. He
doesn't want to be tied down at my desk."

"He's being consistent," Sergeant Zelsky reminds his running mates. "That's
almost exactly what he said when he was given his promotion to Corporal. I
think he feels trapped."

"And maybe that's where the seed of his proposal comes from. I'm quite sure
that lots of good idea have been born out of anxiety." Tom recognizes. "I
think we should discuss it thoroughly. It could have merit."

As the men finish their lap and return to the House, Tom asks Zelsky if he
wants to ride with him or with Kevin... or with Tyrone. "If you ride with
me just know that I'm meeting Sanchez for breakfast and then going over to
the Credit Union to open two or three accounts there so it might get
boring. But you never know, we might run into Officer Drayman." Zelsky
shoots a look at Tom, who's grinning. Zelsky chuckles at the suggestion.

"Where do you need me to be?" Alex asks.

"The big unknown is the Funeral Home and Cemetery. We don't know where or
when." Tom says. "So that's where I need your attention... and then once we
know, get the word out to Kevin, Tyrone, Deke & David, in case they decide
to drive... Anton, though I don't think he'll decide to come and Owen on
the off chance he'd like to attend, though he probably wouldn't drive on
his own."

"But, Tom, I can do all of that if I'm on the road with you. I have all
their numbers in my phone." I think I can do all of that. It's not a huge
burden." Zelsky tells him. "Plus, I would be very jealous if you ran into
Officer Drayman." Tom laughed out loud.

"All good. I'm headed for the shower." Tom says. "I want to get on the road
as soon as we can."

Zelsky and Kevin are on their way to the shower too, but Zelsky stops in
the coffee bar for a second cup. Kevin grabs a protein bar.

"Hey, Sergeant, Slow down," Kevin advises Tom, sidling up to him naked,
just outside of the entrance into the shower. "You gotta pace yourself. I
know you're anxious today, but it's not going to make it better. Just Calm
down. Take a deep breath."

"He's right, ya know. You're not going to arrive any earlier. Maybe I
should drive?" Zelsky offers.

"Yeah, maybe. I am wound a little tight this morning." Tom admits. "Thanks,
guys. I appreciate you're keeping an eye on me." Tom turns to Kevin and
give him a big kiss... and then turns to Zelsky and does the same.

As Tom and Zelsky and Kevin exit the showers, Private Noah Peltsky who's
just stepping into the showers asks Private Greg Miller "...what was that
all about? 

Greg says, "Pretty sure it's about the Twins grandmother who died. I don't
know the details. But we could ask Kevin. He'll know."

Noah and Greg proceed to shower, continuing to chat and wash each other's
backs and cracks, each of them happy for the attention. Each of them
showing their appreciation for the other by their growing dicks... Noah
soaping up Greg's balls and taking the liberty of stroking his cock a few
times to encourage growth. The men smile and groan to communicate their
willingness and need to continue. Both men knowing that they have the
option to retire to their semi private chambers but proceeding to play in
the shower for the entertainment value of the other men watching, in the
shower and on the other side of the glass walls. One onlooker, 20-year-old
Private Chris Darnell sitting on the white bench inside the shower
enclosure stroking his 9.5-inch cock, appreciating the show and knowing
that he's also jacking in public with no potential consequences. Nobody was
surprised with Noah and Greg took a few steps over to feel Chris' pumped
chest and arms, Greg rubbing the boy's arms and Noah softly pinching his
nipples, which only proved to increase the speed of his jacking arm. As
Chris sped up his efforts, Greg leaned over and gently stroked the boys
taint, which triggered his ejaculation all over Greg's face. Noah, simply
leaned over and licked the cum off of both men, sharing most of it with
both of his frineds, kissing and licking. The shower show only had 3 other
onlookers, two of which were sitting and enjoyed their morning coffee and
the third was Private Sean Covin who was not yet an official member of the
unit but who was sleeping upstairs and came down for coffee, only to watch
the early floor show. He couldn't wipe the grin off his own face. Also, he
couldn't control his hard dick.

Sean isn't particularly embarrassed by his hard cock, but doesn't feel like
he wants to jerk it in public. As he walks over to get a coffee from the
big urn, the generally shy Private Tim Butler pipes up, "I can help you
with that."

"What?" Sean wonders aloud.

"I love to suck cock. It's my favorite thing. I can do it here or up in my
room."

"Let go up to your room." Sean says. "I'm not used to guys just asking if
they can suck my cock. I might not ever leave."

"There are a couple of things that you will learn here: The first is that
we're all subs and that we all love to suck cock." Tim tells Sean. "The
other is that nobody in the House can ever say no.. so if you want somebody
to suck your cock, they will. But that also means that you can't say no
either."

"Really, That's interesting. What if I don't like the guy?" Sean asks.

"There aren't any guys at the House that you would want to refuse. They're
all Hot guys. The all have nice dicks. They all work out and run...They're
all fit. The only time you can say no is if your schedule doesn't allow it
or you have current orders to accomplish something else. This is my
apartment. Go sit on the bed. I'd tell you to get comfortable but you're
already naked and hard so I assume you're comfortable "... Tim grins and
sits on the floor between Sean's knees and tells him to sit back on his
pillow. Sean does that. Tim begins to lick Sean's balls for 3 or 4
minutes. Sean tells Tim that he really likes it. But when Tim gets his
mouth around Sean's shaft, both men start moaning as if having a private
conversation that doesn't require words. But after a minute, Tim says,
"your pre tastes so good. There's so much of it."

"That's because you licked my balls so much. That's like unlocking my
door."

"Yeah, I know. But it's still really delicious. By the way, I love sucking
your cock, but you should tell me when you want me to make you cum. I
really like being told what to do." Tim tells Sean.

"Okay... give me another couple of minutes of this and then go for it."
Sean give Tim his orders.

Zelsky and Tom heard Sean's orgasm as they left thru the front door of the
house. The two Sergeants look at each other as they opened the Van doors
and laughed between them. "It's amazing how each of these guys sound so
uniquely identifiable when they have an orgasm." Both Sergeant's chuckling.

"I sensed earlier that you were expecting difficulty today,
Sergeant. What's your concern? Zelsky asked Tom...

"I'm focused on getting the bank shit completed. It's the keystone of
operating the trust... without that being completed I feel the weight of
supporting and parenting the Hanson boys, beyond that, I'm a bit worried
that their dad could show up and cause us grief at the funeral. You
remember that Margaret Fuller said that her family was rotten to the core
and to keep them away from the boys?"

"That's so weird to hear you talk about the Hanson boys when I've never
heard Deke and David referred to by their last names. But, with the rotten
family members, what would we do if they do show up? Do you have a plan?"
Zelsky asks.

"That's one of the topics for breakfast... and by the way, I told Dave
Sanchez that we'd give him our ETA for the Breakfast place where we want to
meet." Tom tells his Navigator in the passenger seat.

"What restaurant is that?" Zelsky inquires.

"We have to figure that out. Check out some restaurants on the course after
you set the course to Dave's office." Tom instructs.

"Um... okay, I guess. What do you want to eat?"

"Breakfast... duh." Tom states. "I mean, come on, find a breakfast place
and we'll pick something off the menu. You pick."

"Okay... there's this International House of Pancakes about half way to
SLC. I'll send Sanchez a text.

Text to Sanchez: "IHOP on Hwy 82. ETA is 9:30 Please confirm. Zelsky"

Sanchez response text: "confirmed. Will arrive a few mins after you."

Dave Sanchez arrives dressed in a suit and tie only 6 minutes after the
Sergeants have been seated. "Good morning Sergeants. How are we?

"Hungry and pensive. How are you?" Tom asks

"Good morning Sergeant Zelsky. What are you pensive about? Dave asks Tom.

"I'm concerned about Margaret's family." Tom considers. "Her warning that
her family is rotten to the core. I feel like we need to have a plan."

Margaret is one step ahead of you. She specifically excludes them all in
her will as well in the trust." The attorney tells his breakfast
companions. "If they make any kind of a claim I will explain to them that
they will have to sue the trust and that there is no legal means for them
to prevail. I'll explain that it will cost them a fortune to lose in
court." Dave the attorney comforts the Sergeants. "There isn't a chance
they could prevail. I'm prepared to fight them. And I know this because I
wrote the will and the trust."

"Well, that's good news. But do they know who I am? Might they come after
me?" Tom expresses his fear.

"I sure don't think so. The will does not mention you. It only mentions the
trust and the trust isn't a public document. I think you might want me to
act as your intermediary for the time being. I will do the banking and you
will have an unrelated, unattached checking account. I think we should hide
you for the time being. This is not all that uncommon."

"What about the boys? Can we make them invisible too?" Tom queries.

"You're welcome to use my name if that helps." Zelsky interjects. "If
that's helpful."

"That's up to you, Tom." Dave reasons. "I'll go along with whatever works."

Tom: "I need to let a few people know what time to be at the cemetery. And
none of us know where it is."

"Ah, yes. The Green Lawn Cemetery in Hillside Gardens and the burial is
scheduled for 2pm, though burials aren't typically scheduled... Burials
just follow a funeral, which we're not having. So, it might be difficult to
pin them down to an exact time.

"Understood. Zelsky... please let Kevin and the guys know..." Tom tells
Alex.

"Let's order, I'm starving." Dave suggests.

"Tell me about where the twins are staying. Are they happy?" Dave asks.

"I think so. Have you met them?"

"I met them at the Margaret's house one day when I was getting her
signature on some papers just before she died. They seemed kind of aloof."

"Yeah," Tom answers." They are a bit different. They were so isolated as
young children that they reach out to people they like and get dedicated to
them pretty quickly. When our guys met the twin in San Francisco they were
there trying to get some kind experience from the men attending an event
called `Dore Ally.' Have you heard of that? Tom asks.

"Um... yeah." Dave responds nervously. "I kind of do know about that."

"Well, the twins met a couple of our guys there and the twins approached
the them because they were watching our men engaged in something that the
boys wanted to know about. And so, they pretty much developed a very quick
friendship. When they got into the `where do you live' conversation the
boys told them that they'd been kicked out by their father and, well, our
team sort of became concerned over what would happen to these guys if our
team didn't reach out to them. It became evident that the boys needed some
kind of male household direction... and apparently Margaret agreed with
that." Tom loosely explained. "But I wasn't there with them. My predecessor
made the decision to give the boys a job to do that set them on the road to
self-sufficiency. "

"Margaret had thought that her grandsons were probably gay." Dave related
what Margaret had told him. "She realized that they didn't have much of a
chance to find themselves if they were going to be raised as captives in
their Mormon family. She knew that they were kind of held back by their
father, who didn't want any kind of foreign interference in his plan for
the boys who she described as "raised by monks ".  I think she had a pretty
good idea that there was a sexual component of the men the boys had
attached themselves to."

"Yup... There is. And the boys have found their surroundings to be very
educational. Deke and David are absolutely gay. And they knew they were gay
before any of our guys met them. They were just looking for someone to
answer some questions for them cause they didn't have anything or anybody
in their sphere that would help them figure out how they fit into the
world." Tom explained.

"Which happens to be true for me as well... Even though I was an adult and
somewhat experienced. His guys have helped me as well." Zelsky added.

"Listen... I was at Dory Alley as well. I know exactly what goes on there."
The attorney shares. "I can't even imagine these boys trying to make their
way through that. The fact that the boys sought some help and advice and
your guys actually responded to them is kind of an amazement by itself."
Dave Sanchez tells Tom. "I would love to come out sometime and see the boys
in their environment."

Tom almost swallowed his tongue having heard that... "The boys have been
living back-and-forth between the barracks and Tyrone`s home. Difficult to
know where you might find them... And we're starting them off on a new
business venture where they will have a repair and fix it type
business. Some of the money from the trust will go to buying them a truck
or a van. But you're gonna see them today at the burial.

"Of course..."

"neither of us attended Dory Alley, but from all the reports of the guys
who attended, Zelsky and I are thinking of traveling out there to get a
clearer picture of what goes on there. Do you typically attend that or
Folsom fair?" Tom asks the attorney.

" I do. Not every time, but I like to go. How many of your people attend?
Dave asks.

"Last time it was like four guys and they met two or three others that they
hung out with. They all seem to have quite a lot of fun. We keep hearing
stories... That's why Zelsky and I wanna go out there and see for
ourselves. I think there will probably be six or seven of us driving out
there. Some of us just had some leathers made for ourselves. We're eager to
have a reason to wear it.'

"Cool. I'm into leather as well. But we really only have a couple of bars
where it seems appropriate."

" yes... So you can imagine how remote we are... There aren't even any gay
bars out where we are based." Tom says.

"oh I think you might be surprised, Dave responds. "No gay leather way out
there but there sure are some great little cowboy bars out there. I always
have my cowboy boots ready to wear if you want to go visit one... or two"
Dave tells the two men.

"Okay, cool. That might be fun." Tom says to Dave." Turning to Zelsky. I
guess we'd better get some cowboy boots just in case."

"So," Dave decides to be very direct, "what are you guys into?

Tom looks over to Zelsky and they both take a big heavy breath. Zelsky
says, "We're not into scat."

Dave looks a little bit confused. "Well, yeah. Me either..." and then he
realizes what's just been said. "So, you're saying that you're into most
other stuff?"

"I'm not entirely sure that we want to be on the record with what kind of
kink we might like." Tom answers.

"I guess that I'm too used to asking questions of people I'm
deposing. Sorry." Dave continues... "I'm often too direct. But allow me to
share some of my interests if you'll indulge me... I'm into Dom/Sub play
mostly. I'm in charge of legal cases all day every day and I really like to
not be in charge when I meet friends... if you follow. I'm interested in
mostly fit guys who act naturally. Not into really femme kinds of guys. I
like masculine guys mostly... But there's a completely different reason why
you might want to be specific with me. I'm your lawyer. I can't divulge
anything that you tell me unless it's like your favorite color... which by
the way is yellow." Zelsky grins.

"Okay, look, you're likely coming from the same place we are. We are all
military guys except for Deke and David. They've inserted themselves into
our lives sort of as mascots. We all like having them around." Tom
reports. "They do cleaning around the barracks and they prepare our morning
coffee. Essentially, they like taking care of the men of the Barracks
House. But I am in the midst of purchasing a house and that will become
their primary residence." Tom fills Dave in.

"That's great. Who all will live there?" David asks.

Another big sigh from Tom. "Me, Zelsky and a third guy named Kevin, who is
the Private in charge of the Barracks House."

"Okay. I get it. I'll stop asking questions. By the way, I'm not asking
these questions in a legal sense. I'm just curious about you guys as
potential friends. I, too, don't have very many gay friends in SLC. The
ones that I do have are kind of nice, but not very kinky. I like kinky guys
more. They're more interesting to me."

"What makes you want to live in Salt Lake City?" Zelsky asks.

"Part familial ties and I was dating a guy that I was pretty serious about
but he got less kinky as we continued to date... Plus my boyfriend got
weirder and weirder about the possibility of his family finding out that he
is gay. I thought this is no way to live your life and we eventually grew
apart. So, I've been trying to fill the friend void for a while." Sanchez
explained. "It's not easy."

After they chowed down on Omelets and waffles, the men decided to pay the
bill and head to the Credit Union to open some accounts. "I think we should
take separate cars since we're going separate ways after the burial."
Zelsky tells the other two. "How far is the Credit Union?

"12 minutes away. Follow me." The attorney tells Zelsky. As Zelsky and Tom
open the front doors of the van Zelsky says, "By the way, my favorite color
is yellow too"

Tom adds with a grin. "Mine too."

When the men park and enter the Credit Union office, Tom tells,
Zelsky... "I think you should open a small account too, just so you're in
their accounts portfolio."

"I didn't think to bring a checkbook or cash." Zelsky confides.

"Let's just see where this goes. I'm sure Dave will help us think this
through.

While sitting in the Credit Union waiting area, Attorney Sanchez walks over
to the desk of the person with whom he made Margaret Fuller's deposit
several days earlier. "Emily, hi. How are you? I brought the fellows here
to set up some accounts. Do you have a few minutes?

"Of course, I do, Dave. Nice to see you. I'm all ready for you. We're going
to visit in the Conference Room. I'll grab my files and be right there."
Emily tells Dave.

"They're grabbing some paperwork," Dave explains.

"Gentlemen, good morning, " Emily puts on her best banker personality as
she shakes our hands. "Let's go into in here where we will have some
privacy."

"Ok," Tom says to the group... quietly whispering to Zelsky, "How much more
privacy do we need? There's nobody else here."

"Just take a seat at the table. Would you like a water?" Emily says
sweetly. Nobody responds.

Looking over to Dave Sanchez Emily says, "How would you like to set this
up?

"I think we need five accounts ultimately, but we certainly can discuss
this," Dave says, looking up to the two men.

"At this moment," Tom begins, "I believe we need One Primary Mothership
kind of cash account for the Trust, One account in the names of each of the
boys, a business account for the boys new venture. and then one in my name
and one in Sergeant Zelsky's name. And I'm guessing that you, Dave, should
also have an account here. That's a total of seven accounts... is there any
minimum required on these accounts?" Tom states, mostly looking to Attorney
Sanchez for possible course corrections. Dave nods in approval.

Emily says, "Yes, we like to open an account with a minimum of One Thousand
Dollars."

Okay, then let's do this. I'm going to write down all the title holder's
names... But I've got a few questions on the terms and conditions for these
accounts." Tom gets businesslike, surprising Dave and Zelsky, they both sit
up into their chairs with surprised looks on their faces.

"What does the bank do with deposited funds?"

"We reinvest the funds, of course." Emily answers.

"How much of a lead time would I have to give you to pull every dime out of
the account if I ever wanted to do that?"

"Why would you do that?" Emily asks

"Look, I'm the trustee. My job is to invest these funds in such a way that
will be most advantageous to the beneficiaries." Tom states. "I'm just
asking so that I understand the boundaries. But, if this bank can't perform
as I expect then I need to find a bank that can. My obligation isn't to
your other customers, it's to this Trust. I intend to grow these funds."

"I'm sure you can understand that accounts of this heft are very important
to a small financial institution like us. We certainly don't want to lose
your account, but I'm not sure we can turn on a dime like you're asking."
Emily whimpers. "Tell me what you'd like."

"Okay, I'm in the process of buying a home, so I want the bank to give me a
loan of $400 Thousand. Put $140,000 into my personal account, which is my
first year's salary as trustee, $20,000 into each of the boys names, and
$5,000 into Sergeant Zelsky's account and the same for Private Kevin
Jones. And then I want 30 percent of the rest of the funds to be kept in a
cash checking account, and the other 70 percent of the funds that I can
transfer with 5 days notice."

"I'm not certain how to manage that Mr. Lansford." Emily says looking over
to Dave as though he will modify the request.

"That's Sergeant Lansford." Tom says to the table.

"Yes sir." Emily says. "I'll start writing up the Account Cards and we'll
get this done... Sergeant."

"Mr. Sanchez, we will need to see the Trust's Resolution which authorize
these transactions."

"Of course." Dave grins widely as Emily gets up to grab a few more forms
and signature cards. "... a detail I forgot to mention. We need a
board. Have you thought about that?"

"No. But here's our Board. Thomas Lansford is President, Alexander Zelsky
is Treasurer. David Sanchez is Secretary." Tom states.

"There has to be a Vice President." Dave tells them.

"Fine, Kevin Jones is V.P." Tom doesn't hesitate.

When Emily comes back to the table, she asks, "do we need multiple
signatures to sign a check on the Trust Account?"

"Can we do one signature but two signatures for anything over $5K?" Tom
asks David.

They all sign their new account cards after the long discussions and then
realize that they need to get to get hopping if they're going to get to the
Cemetery in time. Emily hands a folder to take back to the new account
holders and get the account cards signed. "Can you please have Kevin Jones
and Deke and David Hanson come in to sign account cards? I assume they have
Social Security numbers." Emily asks.

When Tom, Zelsky and Dave are outside, about to get in their cars, Tom
poses a question to Dave. "I'm concerned that Margaret's family might have
its tentacles into this bank. Can you find out who they are and if there's
any connection? And one more thing, Mr. Secretary, we need to set up an
account at one of the big investment banks, perhaps, out of state.'

"I'm pretty sure I can. It all costs money, though." Dave warns, Tom and
Zelsky. " What makes you think that?"

"I'm not sure that I think that. Just some intuition that I don't want to
slide... at this moment we don't even know who they are. So, we should
start there." Tom suggests.

"By the way, we should have easy access to a Notary, methinks." Tom shares
with Dave.

"Okay. I'll work on that." Dave responds.

The three men get into the two cars. Zelsky immediately tells Tom, "I will
pay you back."

"I'm sure that you will. But not in cash, my friend."

"We have a bunch of things to get Kevin up to date on. Do you see him
having a big role in the trust?" Alex asks.

"Undetermined, but, Kevin has a way of getting into everything. He always
seems to have a positive effect on whatever that is. But let's chat about
this for a minute. I'm gonna talk to Kevin and the twins about this, but
currently I'm thinking we can launch a very successful porn production
company if that's what everybody wants. We have the guys. We can easily buy
some cameras and take a class on how to use it. If we need to buy a studio,
we can. If we need to rent a house, we can. So now we have to see if
everyone has the will to succeed. Because it will get boring at the moment
that we're going to become a success.  All these guys love to fuck... but
that's not enough."

"Wow, you're serious. That's awesome." Zelsky votes his confidence.

"But, possibly dangerous if we don't play this right, as you have pointed
out... so you're gonna have your hands full, so to speak."

"What does that mean?" Zelsky ask with a smile.

"All of these kinds of production companies need everyone to participate in
every way. We need to create a budget, a script, a cast, a set... and
everyone does everything until we've got enough money to let the company
finance its production without the risk of putting more money in. And at
that point we see if any of us want to carry that corporate weight. But
that is a while down the road. And consider this... all we see right now is
Army Green. This porn business might make it possible for a nice retirement
at some stage. I'm not currently looking to get out of the Army. But it
would be stupid not to look at the possibilities. And, by the way, I'm not
dictating your course. But I'd love it if you and Kevin and I wound up
together on some desert island."

"You know, Tom.... we kind of occupy that desert island now."

"Yes, but this might allow us some money to go with it... and there are no
decisions. There will come in time. I'm just looking at a vehicle that
might get us to that point. We need to find out if all the other players
want to ride in the boat with us." Tom reasons.

"I kind of can't imagine retiring." Zelsky states.

"Nobody is saying you should."

As the men get close to the cemetery, they look for signs that might lead
them to the grave site. Finally, they see a small placard on a
free-standing post: "Margaret Fuller" with a direction arrow. "I hate
seeing that."

"Why? How else would we find it?" Zelsky says.

"Look, if we can see it then so can the goof balls that Margaret was
warning us to stay away from."

"If they didn't post her name, none of us would be able to find this spot."
Zelsky states. "There's Kevin and the boys. Let's find a place to park."
There was a pullout a hundred feet past the dug-up mound of grass and
Margaret's casket, which will put anyone in a somber mood very quickly.

The boys wearing their best jeans and a long sleeve shirt. Kevin and Zelsky
in Army Fatigues... Tom wearing a coat and tie. "Hey Dave... Glad you
came. I'd like to introduce you to Deke Hanson," they shake hands, Deke
looking down at the ground. "This is David Hanson... This is Kevin Jones."

"Nice to meet you Sir," says Kevin.

"You too, Kevin. You look so familiar." David says.

"Who's in charge here? Asks the Gentleman who works for the Cemetery.

"I am. I'm David Sanchez, I'm her attorney. I made the arrangements."

"Very well, perhaps we can talk for a moment after the ceremony. I
understand that you plan to say a few words."

"Indeed." Dave says. "Tom. Not sure who's planning to speak, but I think we
should begin."

Tom steps forward and stands over the casket. "Hi Margaret, I'm Tom. You
gave me a letter asking for me to keep an eye on the boys. I'm here to tell
you that I will help give them direction. I know that you loved Deke and
David very much. I will try to guide them with your heart in mind. These
boys love you very much. I'm sorry I didn't know you in person. May God
rest your beautiful soul..."

"Guys, do have anything you want to say?" Guides Tom.

David steps forward. "We love you, Gran. You were the very best thing that
ever happened to Deke and me. You told us to do what we love and we
are... doing what we love, I mean. God bless you, Gran." David says his
peace and step back from the casket.

Deke gets up and says," that goes for me too. We love you Gran. I don't
know what else to say." as he looks up to Tom. Deke looks at Tom and shrugs
his shoulders.

"May I speak?" Kevin says, looking to Tom for affirmation. Tom nods and
presents the palm of his left hand up as if to say `it's all yours.' "I did
meet you for a few minutes one day Margaret, when we were returning from
San Francisco. We were dropping off your car. I realized what pain you must
have felt when you realized that your grandsons were only going to be with
you for a few minutes and I could see your love for these two young
men. They came to San Francisco to find themselves and I think they
did. They couldn't have done that unless you let them go, `cause it was
your car. You let them have it. You knew they needed to find
themselves. And they found themselves with friends who will help protect
them. God bless you, Margaret."

The three Army men and the twins gather to hug one another all
together. The twins cried for a moment. As they started to leave, the man
who represent the cemetery walks over to Dave Sanchez and present him with
a bill for $20,000 which includes picking up the body, embalming, the
casket and the grave site. "Will you be able to take care of this today?'"
the man asks officiously.

"UH, no... I don't have checks yet, but I will make sure you get paid
within the week." Mr. Sanchez tells him.

"It is customary to pay for our services at the time they are rendered."
The Cemetery guy tells David.

"I will have your payment within 48 hours, Sir." Dave tells the man.

"Good, thank you." The cemetery guy spins on his heel and walks crisply
away... a conversation he's had many times before today.

As David and Tom start to walk away from the Gravesite, they hear Deke and
David start to freak out. "Stay away from us." As Kevin puts his arms
around the twins and moves them away from the fracas.

"Look, I'm just here for our money. We don't want the boys, we just want
what's ours. Whatever she had when she died is ours, that's the law." The
boys Dad and Mom got threateningly into Dave Sanchez's face." We just want
our money."

"I'm her attorney. Here's my card. You can have your attorney call me. But
I'm going to tell him the very same thing I'm telling you right now:
Margaret specifically excludes you and your family members in her
will. There is no court that would award you a penny after reading the
language in her will. You can chase after it, but in the end, I will sue
you for my court costs and it will cost you a small fortune. I hope never
to see any of you again.... EVER!"

"Why is the Army involved with my boys?" Dad asks "why are they here?"

"Your boys joined the Army. They let them out of boot camp to attend the
service today."

The family quickly retreated from the scene.

Tom, a little dumbfounded says, "Dave why would you invoke the Army in
this? I think that might be an ethics violation or something."

"Oh, they didn't join the Army?... I thought that's what you told me. My
bad." Attorney Sanchez winks at Tom and turns to walk over to the boys. Tom
and Zelsky come to join them.

"I know that was upsetting. My guess is that they'll go talk to their
attorney, if they even have one, and that we'll never hear from them
again."

"Do you guys want to get back to the barracks or would you all like to stop
for a burger someplace?"

They all voted in favor of a burger. "You should join us, Dave" Tom asks
the newest member of the Trust.

"Agreed. I'm hungry. I'll follow you." Dave says.

"Kevin... Let's do the BonusBerger. It's about 12 minutes North."

Tom orders 6 cheese burgers with fries when they get to the Order Window.

"It's kind of warm still, can we eat outside?" Kevin asks.

Dave sat staring at the Twins and Kevin, thinking that they were all pretty
cute, but trying to imagine them at Dore Ally. "I understand that you guys
met Kevin at Dore Ally. Were you in leather?"

"They weren't, but I was. I have these cool very short leather shorts and
boots and a harness. What kind of outfit do you wear at Dore?" Kevin boldly
asked the man.

"Lace up Boots, leather shorts, Yellow socks, not much else." Dave tells
Kevin.

"Kevin stared at Dave, and finally realized that they had met. "You were
standing in front of me at the Porta-Potty urinals at Dore."

"God, I knew you looked familiar." Dave Sanchez tells Kevin with abundant
excitement, just as Tom and Zelsky arrive at the table with burgers and
drinks.

"Guess what Guys?" Kevin expresses with glee. "I met Dave before at Dore
Ally. He pissed an entire bladder full down my throat while we were waiting
in line for the urinals. Isn't that awesome?"

"Well, fuck, this all just keeps getting better and better." Tom says
glancing over at Zelsky.

"You know what... I can't wait to attend one of these events.. or
Folsom. We gotta organize that." Zelsky says, "Are you planning to go Dave?

"I'd love to." Dave accepts the invitation.

"I'm going too," Kevin states.

"Can we come too?" David Hanson asks, speaking for both of them.


Another Chapter in a few days....

SgtEvans44@gmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Sat, 11 Apr 2026 13:21:07 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 57

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private. This is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you
aren't interested in this subject, or this is illegal where you live,
please stop reading. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/
and all the great works they archive. Nifty carries the costs of keeping
all of these great stories available for you to read. If you're here,
enjoying the stories on Nifty, then you are likely benefitting from the
existence of this great site. Please support Nifty.org. Take a moment to
click on the link above and make any donation that you can afford. Thank
you.

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you're thinking.


Kevin Jones New Orders 57

Day 45               1130

On the way home, the two Sergeants were realizing two things as they talked
about their meeting: The first is just how lucky it was that Margaret
Fuller, Deke and David's grandmother, had been so purposeful to take all of
her investments and create a Trust for these two youngsters who she
loved. The other thing is the potential burden of doing everything right
that She asked of Thomas Lansford, in his role of Trustee, to be the
standup male she hoped he would be in order to set these two young men on a
happy and successful life course.

"She chose well, Tom." Sergeant Zelsky observed. "She must have had really
good intuition. She made the same choice as her grandsons made... and that
I made. We all trust you Tom. And that's a big burden on your shoulders
when one considers the other side of your official life. All the men in the
Unit look to you to make all the right choices, too..."

"It's a good fuckin' thing that I have you and Kevin to depend on. I'd
crumble under the weight without you two." Sergeant Tom Lansford tells
Alex.

"Don't forget Anton. He's a member of your team. And the twins wouldn't be
in our lives if it hadn't been for him. "Alex points out.

"Listen... I know that Anton is as important a member of the team. But I
can't have a connection like I have with you and Kevin with every single
man on the team." Tom thinks out loud. "I need to have multiple levels of
relationships to keep a balance. I think Anton is fantastic. I'm not
discounting him. But I'm not in love with him like I am with you and
Kevin. But speaking of Anton... It occurred to me that he's been an
ambassador for the unit for a while. He's got clients. I'm not certain that
now that he has a more senior operational role as my Corporal, that he
should be going out to service clients. You have any thoughts on that?"

"Yeah... we should ask him if he has any clients he wants to keep. Reassign
the rest. If it's going to cause your desk to not be covered too often,
we've got to figure out how to cover that. Let's go chat with him when we
get back to the office." Zelsky

"Would you text Kevin and see if anybody needs a burger. We can pick some
up." Tom asks Alex as he gets onto the highway to head back to the House.

Response text from Kevin: "Ten guys here for burgers including Anton and
Tyrone and the Twins."

Text to Kevin: "Thanks. ETA 12:45"

"Alex... Captain Williams. Have I asked you about him?" Tom asks. "I don't
know anything about him or what he wants. He called Sergeant Brown's office
several days ago, but I have no idea which ambassador or what his
interests. I'm at a loss for how to proceed. Can you find out more. His
number is at Anton's desk. It got left on an answering machine when I left
Sebastian to watch the phones for Tyrone and I found him watching Tyrone's
big dick instead. You know, up very close and personal."

"You caught him sucking on Tyrone's big dick?" Alex asks.

"I couldn't see much. Tyrone's cock was nowhere to be seen. It was almost
entirely burried in Sebastian's throat."

"Oh, Seb. Wow, I didn't know how talented he is..."

"Shit, I didn't mean to use anyone's name. Fuck." Tom says.

"Can I use that throat sometime when I find Seb in the shower one day? Do I
have your permission? Zelsky asks.

"No. We can get Seb into a shower scene pretty much any time. He's always
up for it. I'll make a point to re-introduce you." Tom tells Alex. "Think
about it, he took Tyrone's big dick. I'm pretty sure he would be happy to
rise to your challenge. If he doesn't, I will."

"You'll swallow my 13 and half inch cock?" Zelsky challenges. "Just think
about how far down your gullet that would be, my dear sir. But I think
maybe you should watch Sebastian try to take it first. You might find it
educational... like learning to swim in the shallow end first."

"You can take my 10 and half inches?" Tom asks.

"I've come pretty close, haven't I?" Alex answers.

"The question wasn't about how much you took... it's about if you can take
my whole hard cock." Tom looks at Zelsky smiling evilly.

"The answer is, of course I can. Let me show you right now, scoot up a
little in your seat."  Zelsky challenges.

Tom unbuckles his belt and opens the button on his fly. Zelsky zips it open
and grabs his balls. The van swerves a bit. Zelsky stands on his knees next
to the semi-captain's chair Tom is sitting in.  Zelsky puts his hands
around Tom's balls and jostles them a bit to get the blood to Tom's cock
flowing. That worked. Tom's cock grew quickly to match Zelsky's
expectations. Within 2 minutes Tom's 10 plus inches were standing straight
up. Alex got down on Tom's cock and took it into his mouth, making it wet
and warm. "That feels awesome." Tom tells Zelsky, who was making himself at
home, dropping his pants on the floor and getting comfy.

A Utah Highway Patrolman in a FORD SUV was keeping an eye on the van, which
had swerved a couple of times. The Patrolman pulled up alongside of the
driver's window and clearly saw what was going on in the Captain's
chair. He takes a quick pic with his iPhone and flips his siren to get
their attention, and then pulls in front of the Army Van bringing it to a
full halt very quickly. Inside Tom was trying to zip up his fatigues, which
is quite a chore when one's hard 10 and half inch cock is in the
way. Zelsky was scrambling for his underpants which had slid under the back
seat. Patrolman Patrick Drayman quickly opens the passenger door on the van
and holds up his badge and his phone, displaying the extremely clear image
of Zelsky sucking Tom's Penis. Both of their faces were identifiably
clear. "Good god men, what were you thinking? You understand why I pulled
you over?

"Yes sir, I do, said Sergeant Tom Lansford. " I crossed the line a couple
of times."

"You certainly did.  I need to see your driver's license and registration
please."

"Here you go," Tom says as he hands over his License and registration. "I
don't think I have an insurance card."

"You wouldn't. The Army is self-insured. I saw the license plates... But I
just want to thank you boys for your service."

"That's nice to hear sir. Which service, sir?  Tom says nicely.

"Well your military service and ... " Officer Patrick loosened his belt,
"for the awesome blowjob you're about to give me. One of you is going to
suck my cock and the other is going to lick on my balls... So, let me
invite you back to the ring side seats so you can have better access to the
event. Which one of you is going to suck it first? You should take off your
pants." They both know they have to do this in order to get out of a
ticket.

"Well, you two are packing." Officer Drayman observed. "I am impressed, but
that won't get you off. Actually, watching your magnificent dicks bounce
around might get me off. "

"We were about to get off ourselves. You want to play with us?" Zelsky asks
and he kind of thrusts his big pecker closer to the Patrol Officer's face.

"Tell you what... why don't you boys tell me about what kind of kinky sex
pigs you are and what gets you off most and then I'll decide." Tom puts his
mouth on Officer Patrick's dick and envelopes the head.

"We kind of like group sex the best. We live with bunch of very sexy intel
guys in our unit and we all shower together. It gets very kinky very fast."
Zelsky starts talking sexy.

"Like what?" Drayman says.

"Like we just start pissing all over each other or everybody on one guy.
It's very fun. From there get's get really hot. Fucking and sucking, eating
ass."

The Patrolman got so excited that he blows a load off in Tom's mouth almost
instantly.  He couldn't control it. "You guys are bullshitting me..."

Tom swallow a couple of big mouthfuls down. "What kind of proof do you
want? "

"Officer Drayman tells Tom to piss in Zelsky's mouth.

"Open your mouth Sergeant." Zelsky, naked from the waist down open his
mouth and Tom pisses right in it.

"Oh my god that is so fuckin hot. Got some for me?" Drayman asks.

"Sure... Open you mouth" Tom starts to piss in the Patrolman's mouth. Maybe
20 seconds worth.

Swallowing hard, and drooling on his now wet shirt, "Oh my God that was
great. So, yeah...if you weren't bullshitting me, I want to come play with
you. When does this happen?"

"It happens a couple of times a week and it can happen if we have a party."
Zelsky informs him.

"Here's my card. My cell phones on the back. Give me a call or a text when
you're gonna have a party. Are you guys mostly doms or what?"

"Mostly sub, but everybody flips..." Tom says slowly.

"But, here's our deal. We'll bring you in to play, Officer Patrick
Drayman... but you give us a `get out of jail free card.' "Zelsky
negotiates.

"Deal. But we haven't finished." The 6 foot tall muscly Officer tells Tom
and Zelsky.

"Okay.... What do you mean? Zelsky asks dryly.

"I mean, neither of you came yet. I wanna suck your big dicks. Who first?
Asks Patrick.

Zelsky points to Sergeant Lansford. "His dick was harder when you stopped
us." The Patrol officer gets down on his knees and gets his very
experienced mouth around Tom's cock, licking Tom's balls to show that he
has experience with big dick. "Oh man, that's awesome," Zelsky comments as
he watches. "Look at that cocksucker take that big dick. Let me in there."
Zelsky pushes his face in next to Patrick's and begins licking Tom's balls
while he jacked his own dick. By the time Tom shot his load in Patrick's
mouth, less than a minute later, Zelsky was ready to shoot too. He not so
gently grabbed the large cocksucker's head and stuck his cock in the man's
mouth before he even had time to swallow all of Tom's load. But Patrick
took it all... though he kind of had to push some of Zelsky's load back
into he corners of his mouth with his fingers. He was slowly swallowing all
of both men's cum.

"Thanks guys. I hope I get to know you better." He pulled his zipper up as
he looked around for his phone.

"Patrick... can I have a copy of the pic on your phone?" Tom asked.

"Of course. It's so hot. You two boys have a nice day. Drive safe! Call me"
he tells the Sergeants as he steps out of the van." Patrick said.

"Thanks, Officer," Zelsky says as he steps out of the van to piss. "See you
soon."

"That was so wild. I almost crapped in my pants." Tom tells Zelsky" that
was so intense. Did you enjoy that?"

"once I realized we weren't in danger, yeah. That was like the ultimate
stripper cop at a party." Zelsky thinks. "Maybe that's how we should
introduce him to the guys at the house... Like at somebody's birthday. "

"How old do you think he is? I would guess he's like your age... Like mid
30s. Nice body." Tom speculates.

Tom set's the GPS for their favorite Burger place and starts the engine.

Text to Kevin, "We had a small delay, probably 15 mins late.. explain later
TL"

Before Tom arrived at the BonusBurger place, he received a call from their
new attorney, Dave Sanchez. "I just got a call back from the Coroner's
office. We can claim Margaret Fuller's body at the end of the day today. I
did not use your name or the boys so that there wouldn't be a link back to
any of you. I used my own name since I was her attorney."

"Good thinking, Dave. How do we go about finding a place to bury her? I
have no experience with this." Tom tells Dave.

" I Believe she wanted to be buried alongside her husband's plot. I'll find
out where that is. Once again. I won't reference you, but we should get to
the bank and open an account so you can pay for this stuff." Dave tells the
men.

We'll do this all at the same time. Tomorrow if possible. Keep me posted."
Tom requests of Dave.

BonusBurger is about 25 minutes from the Army Base. The food prep in the
kitchen packed them up to keep the cheeseburgers warm. And they were still
somewhat warm by the time they got back to the base.

Kevin called up Anton, Tyrone, the twins, Owen, Sebastian, and Noah. Kevin
asked the twins if there were any soft drinks or seltzers. They grabbed
them out of the refrigerator, put down some paper plates. The boys were
surprised when they discovered that the BonusBurger cooks added 3 orders of
fries to go along with the cheeseburgers.

"So, Zelsky, I know you know all these guys, but somehow I'm not sure
you've been introduced to Sebastian.

"Hi, Sebastian." Zelsky shakes his hand. "I know we played a little in the
showers etc. but I don't remember having been formally introduced.

"There's not a lot of formality around here, Sir." Sebastian smiles. "But
I'm very pleased to meet you. Again." The naked Sebastian's 9-inch cock
grew a bit during the conversation and let everyone know where the interest
of this conversation was leading. Sebastian sat quietly, not pushing the
conversation and waiting for most of the others to leave the table before
he got more personal. "You know, Sir. I don't ever push myself in the
direction of a man who is attached to another ambassador."

"I think that's smart. It show's good instinct. I am, as I'm sure you
realize, ensconced with Tom and Kevin, but you also know that we openly
play in front of one another." Sebastian did not turn away, he just
listened to Zelsky explain. "Most guys here can't fully take a big
cock. But I've been told you might be someone who interested in the
art... if you wanted. I'm dedicated to my partners. But there's room for
play. Here we all get a chance to play around here, don't we?"

"I can't say I haven't noticed your very large appendage. I've seen you
pissing in Kevin's mouth...and I saw him suck your cock at his birthday
party. I sat across from you watching that evening. I was really
impressed. Sergeant Brown was sitting next to you on the couch getting
serviced as well. I was so enthralled watching the both of you. So, I think
that Sgt. Brown's big dick is probably a little fatter, but I think that
yours is a little longer. I choked down his big dick. I'm pretty sure I can
take yours."

"My cock is a half inch shorter than his... And Tyrone's cock is
fatter. So, you should definitely be able to handle mine. If we can just
figure out when we both have enough time. I also need to let Kevin know
that I want this. He might get his nose out of joint." Zelsky told Seb.

"I appreciate that. I sure don't want him to be upset with me. I think of
him as by buddy." Sebastian explains. "And I'm not trying to steal you or
anything."

"It might be good if it's out in the open...

"Sir, I hope I can tell you that I've admired your big balls. I'd love to
be cleaning those, even right now. Is that okay to tell you?" Seb expresses
his little fantasy.

"I love balls too, Seb. I'm glad you told me" Zelsky confirms.

I have a little meeting with Tom and Kevin... I'll find you later and we'll
chat some more. Zelsky walks a few feet over to Kevin's Cubby/Office to see
if there's a meeting with the family. Kevin's not there. He runs upstairs
to find Kevin, but finds Tom. "Hey Buddy... what are we doing?"

"Let's you and Kevin and I head up to see Anton... and Tyrone if he wants
to participate in the conversation." Tom tells him.

Text to Anton and Kevin: "Meeting in Sgts office asap. Update on
Trust. Incl Tyron if he wants. TL"

Call from Anton. "Hey boss... Tyrone is home sorting and packing so he
won't join."

"Hey, call Tyrone and see if he could use some help from the twin with
packing and such... let me know what he says. Be right there."

"That must be a lonely job for Tyrone, Alex. Maybe we should have a packing
party for him." Tom suggests.

"I'm in. When?" Zelsky volunteers.

The Sergeants bound up the stairs to Anton's desk. "You think Tyrone could
use our help? Like with packing and stuff? Tom asks.

"You know, I think he'd love to hear from you. Call him and see what he
needs." Anton suggests.

Tom sits down in the waiting area across from Anton's Desk and calls Tyrone
on speed dial. "Hey Boss... Anton says you're packing at home. Do you need
any assistance ? We can come over and I can grab the twin... I'm sure
they'd like to help out. I think today might be better. The boys Gran might
be buried tomorrow; we don't know yet. Okay. We'll be there within the
hour."

"Okay, guys... let's go sit in the office and talk for a few minutes. I'm
just going to alert the Twins via Text "we're going to help Tyrone
back. Get dressed."

Tom gives Anton and Kevin an update on the morning. "Look at this pic. A
Highway Patrolman took this of us while we were driving home. He pulled us
over."

"Is that real?" Kevin asks. "What did he say?

"He made us have sex with him in the van to not give us a ticket. He was so
into it." Zelsky shares.

"Oh my god. That's hysterical." Kevin laughs nervously.

"I can't imagine that's the end of the story." Anton grins slyly.

"It's not. He wants to come play with all of us." Tom announces.

"What?" Kevin says in astonishment. "What's he like?"

"He's maybe 6-feet tall, a bit muscly. Sexy. Aggressive. Kinky. I was
thinking of inviting him over to somebody's birthday party as a surprise
like a stripper cop... except he's really a cop. So, we shouldn't tell
anyone here." Tom says kind of conspiratorially.

"How do you know he's kinky?" Anton asks.

"He demanded that we tell him what we're into so he made me piss in
Zelsky's mouth in front of him. He was so excited that he made me piss in
his mouth. And he was totally into it." Sergeant Lansford explains.

"Oh my god, that's so great." Anton said. "But I thought you were going to
update us on your meeting with the attorney.

"We are. I am... Tom got serious as he began. "Yeah... we went to visit
Margaret Fuller's attorney. She created a trust for the boys and she named
me to be the trustee. The catch is that she doesn't want the boys to know
about it until after they're 21, so like in a little more than 2 years. So,
we all need to keep that quiet. What it means is that the trust will fund a
business for the boys... and it will allow me to buy Tyrone's house and
that will give the boys a home address."

"Did you think about a bigger house like I suggested?" Kevin asks.

"I did. I think that idea has merit. But my finances can't support that
kind of a purchase, yet. I think I need to start smaller and build some
credit. So, maybe we can consider that in a few months. BUT... Gran left
her house and car to the trust as well. So, we need to figure out what to
do with that. I want it to be Deke and David's decision to make.

"Are you still going to do the "fix it guys" business or something else?
Anton asks.

"I think that's a great place to start. The boys will benefit from
that. Learn about finances and how to do stuff, I imagine. But I first
wanted you guys to know what's going on. This will affect all of us."
Sergeant Lansford enlightens his crew. "But, no matter what, the twins are
going to be taken care of. They just can't know the whole story for a
while."

"Are you going to tell them anything?" Anton asks.

"Yeah. And they already know that Margaret left her house to the Trust."
Tom responds. "And I'm going to tell them about how we're going to start up
their Fix-It business, because Gran left them some money to do
that. They're going to have some choices to make. But I hope they don't
choose to go live in her house. It's too far away from us."

Here they are. You guys are going to help us get Tyrone packed up this
afternoon." Tom tells them.

Anton: "You still have the van, correct?" Tom nods. "Good. Tyrone says he
could use a few more boxes."

"We better get started. Come on guys. Anton, hold down the fort... as the
saying goes. Let me know if you need anything." Tom tells him. The Five men
pile into the Van. Kevin is driving.

"I'm going to miss Tyrone," Deke says. "Where is he moving to?"

"He's going to a school that the Army has to train good men into being
officers. We think that he might be able to come back after he completes
classes. So we don't know anything more yet. We'll have to wait and see."
Tom tries to help the boys understand.

"Umm... you are replacing him, right?" David asks.

"Yes." Sergeant Lansford affirms.

"So, will he replace you when he comes back?" David questions.

"Nope. If he comes back to this base he might be in a more senior position,
like maybe being my boss. But we don't know where the Army will put
him. "Tom continues.

"Guys," Tom directs his comments to the twins. "Sergeant Brown was the guy
responsible for bringing you back to our Army base. He's a really good man
to have helped you like that. He is our friend. We think that we'll all be
able to continue being his friend even when he leaves. And we hope that he
gets to come back here, but we'll still be his friend and we'll still care
about him even if he moves somewhere else. Do you understand that?"

"Oh yes." David affirms. "But we really hate losing friends."

Tom explains in soft tones, "But he'll still be your friends. He'll still
be friends with all of us. And we can still talk to him and send him emails
and ask him how he's doing and you can tell him about what's going on in
your lives. I'm sure he will want to continue to be friends."

"Okay," David says, considering how that might work.

As they arrive at Tyrone's house, all the guys head to the front door and
are welcomed, Tyrone welcoming them all in like Grandma on
Thanksgiving. "Come in, come in. I sure do appreciate your help. I think
we're going to run out of Boxes. Plus, I don't even know where we're going
to send this stuff when I leave."

Tom, who is used to organizing the Sergeant's affairs for the past few
years, says "We can go get some plastic boxes from Walmart. And you might
want to consider a Small storage place. Just leave us instructions and
we'll send your stuff when you know where to send it. Hopefully, you'll
just go pick it up when you return here."

"Thank you. But it's still hard packing up your shit. I appreciate your
help. Plastic containers with lids will help a lot. How many do you think?"

"Tyrone. I don't know what stays and what goes, so difficult to know." Tom
says. "Let's buy more than we need and I'll buy the excess from you. We'll
need some too in the not too distant future. But we can make a couple of
lists. And maybe we can color code stuff you want to take or pack or
leave. That would be pretty easy."

"God, Tom. I hope to god that I can find a Corporal who thinks like you do
in my next assignment... wherever that might be." Tyrone praises
Tom. "You've always simplified my bouts of insanity. I appreciate your
help. I really do."

"Zelsky, would you mind if I took Tyrone to Walmart to grab some
boxes... and some colored stickers? Tom suggests. "We might have to stop to
get Tyrone some lunch along the way. Anybody want a Diet Coke or anything?"

Kevin and Zelsky suggested beers and the twins asked for Fries and a coke.

"Okay," says Tom. "We'll be right back." As Tyrone and Tom get into the
van, Tom begins to tell him the story of the Highway Patrolman earlier in
the day, as well as the visit with the Trust attorney in Salt Lake City.

"Wait... this guy pulled you over just to have sex with you?" Tyrone asks.

"I think he quickly got enticed when he saw us driving. Check this. He took
this pic of us." Tom shows Tyrone the pic that Patrolman Drayman took while
he was driving next to us."

"Oh My God! Obviously, this turned out okay because you're not in jail. But
I would probably be in jail if he'd pulled me over." Tyrone states.

"I don't know. This guy was as eager and kinky as all of us at the House
are. He'd already caught us dead to rights when he saw us and took that
picture. He wanted to know all the details and he demanded to join us right
there on the side of the Highway. He told me to piss in his mouth to prove
that we were kinky... though he wanted me to piss in Zelsky's mouth first."

"Did you?" Tyrone asked.

"Oh yeah." Tom affirmed. "Now he wants to get used by everyone when we have
a party. He's like ecstatic to have discovered us..." 

"Yeah, I wish that I'd discovered you and all the fun when I was younger. I
would have been in the middle of all of that... but, tell me more about the
Trust and the Attorney." Tyrone continued "How were you appointed to direct
the Trust?"

"The boys gave me a letter that their Gran, Margaret Fuller, who I believe
you met... " Tom explains to Tyrone. "She asked the boys who they trust
most and they told her that they trust me. She probably only had a day or
two to live when she named me to be the director. She called the Attorney,
who I had never met until this morning. I am precluded to tell the boys
about the trust until after they're 21. But she was very eager to make
certain that her family be kept out of any of it. Her letter to me
described them as `rotten to the core.' So she was motivated to made a
quick decision based on Deke and David's trust in me... She was aware that
we are all gay. She even chose the attorney BECAUSE he was gay."

"Interesting that she'd go out of her way to pick a Gay Attorney." Tyrone
observes.

"I thought about that." Tom shares." I thought about it a lot. I believe
she wanted to make certain that nobody in the family would be able to
influence the boy's attorney after she died. Plus, I think she observed
that they boys grew up a bit when they made contact with other gay men. She
may have been very concerned about the boys being taught to stand up for
themselves. Their dad had beaten them and called them `faggots' and
wouldn't even let them have friends. Can you imagine growing up with NO
friends? In fact, they said that Anton and Kevin and you were their first
friends ever. EVER! They only had each other. I'm sure Gran wanted them to
be exposed to real men. Gay or not, she needed to make sure her grandsons
were going to be able to stand up for themselves. Learn to reason...  think
for themselves. She was probably pretty wise, off, living by herself. She
probably read a lot. She probably realized that gay men can be fierce and
that Army men are real men... and her grandsons' needed to be exposed to
real men, you know... like the Roman's did. All the Noblemen had a boy. The
boy was protected and grew up to be a worthwhile adult man. And, yeah, they
probably got fucked a lot and knew how to suck a dick... just like Deke and
David. Gran was no idiot."

"I thought about that too, Tom... but I never considered all that. I was
just a little confused about what I wanted. I wasn't considering how they
felt about living with us.... So,Tom, congratulations on your being chosen
for the job of Trustee. I think Margaret made a good choice. "

"Thanks, Tyrone." Tom responds. "I was a little surprised by it myself. I
thought it would be you. But I think that when the boys told Gran that you
were leaving she had to make a quick decision... So, her burial might
happen tomorrow if the coroner releases the body. There won't be a
service. She only wanted to have the boys say a prayer over her. But I'm
certain the boys would be proud if you wanted to attend. I'll be
there. Kevin will be there. I'm not sure about Anton yet."

"I think I should be there," Tyrone decided.

When the two men hit Walmart they bought 14 plastic boxes with lids that
seal, 1 cellophane wrapped package of multiple colored tags, 2 six packs of
beer, 1 litre bottle of Diet Coke, a package of crackers and a brick of
cheddar cheese. They checked out. Tyrone paid. And they drove back to the
house in unexpectedly quick time.

Tyrone and Kevin heard the van pull up but continued to have David suck
their cocks as Tyrone and Tom walked in the front door. Nobody got
up. Nobody apologized. They barely looked up. Tom and Tyrone walked into
the kitchen, pulled out 4 beers, poured a Diet Coke and laid out a plate
with cheese and crackers, removing their clothes in the dining area as they
made their way into the living room.

Tom came and sat down on the leather ottoman and leaned over and rubbed
Kevin's thigh for a minute and popped a beer for Zelsky and Kevin and one
for himself. As David continued to suck Zelsky's large penis, Tom lifted up
Zelsky's left arm and then dove into his arm pit to clean it out with his
tongue, tweaking Zelsky's right nipple as he slides his left hand across
Zelsky's chest. Tom spits in Zelsky's pit and then smears it around with
his tongue, stopping to kiss the big man when he moans from all the
pleasure.

Deke, who had been organizing shirts and underwear to be packed up in the
Guest Room Closet, had heard Tom and Tyrone come in but didn't know that
the party had started without him. When he wandered in and saw that
everybody was naked, he took off his clothes too. This was the first time
that Deke saw his brother without him, having sex. He was surprised and
looked for an opening. Tyrone was sitting there alone and Deke was
immediately drawn to sit on the floor, naked between Tyrone's knees and
began to lick Tyrone's golf ball sized testicles, which were weighing down
his scrotum. Deke began to lick behind Tyrone's pendulous sack, making it
respond by sucking his balls upward like an elevator.

"Deke... I want you to show Tyrone some love. Can you suck his cock?

When Deke moved over to service Tyrone, Kevin moved over to suck Tom's
cock. David saw that Zelsky needed some attention. "May I suck your dick
sir?"

"Of course." Zelsky accepts David's offer.

David mostly licks the big cock having no experience with swallowing
something that large. Kevin feels certain, observing this scene, that David
will figure it out like a small snake sneaking up on a large egg. Something
is bound to happen. And then Kevin hears Zelsky say, "no teeth, David,"
Zelsky slaps his ass, but not too hard.

"Yes sir." Says David, gasping a bit. Disgorging the large cock just so he
can speak those 2 words. Suddenly remembering to breathe.

"It's a good boy," Kevin leans over David's face and whispers in his
ear. "We're gonna do this together." Kevin focuses his efforts on Zelsky's
large balls, moving David to the left to him himself easier access. "Look
at these tasty balls slave boy. Help me work on these." Kevin's hand on the
back of David's neck slowly dragged David's face over to where both guys
were giving this large sack a tongue bath, each responsible for exciting a
large testicle. Zelsky's cock grew at a faster pace, as though the two men
focused on Zelsky's balls gave the big man's dick greater energy. Zelsky
started to stroke his own cock and told the boys not to stop doing what
they're doing.

Tom just sat on the ottoman, drinking his beer and watching Kevin and David
worshiping Zelsky's balls. It was beautiful to watch... until he couldn't
stand it any longer. Tom stood up and walked over behind Zelsky and ran his
left hand over Zelsky's chest while leaning over his shoulder to start
making out with the big man, seeming to compound the attention he was
receiving.

Tyrone, also with a beer in his hand, realized it was time to get his
clothes off.  He sat down across the small living room, in his favorite
leather chair, which felt very sexy on his bare ass. This is where Tyrone
would sit and watch porn when he was horny and alone. Between the live porn
scene in front of him and the leather chair cradling his muscular bare ass,
Tyrone's large cock sprung to life. Tyrone did what Tyrone always did first
when starting to watch porn: He softly pinched both of his own nipples
simultaneously. That was his personal trigger to start his own engine. His
cock responded faithfully, and he grabbed it with his left hand and
stroked.

Deke, who had been organizing shirts and underwear to be packed up in the
Guest Room Closet, had heard Tom and Tyrone come in but didn't know that
the party had started without him. When he wandered in and saw that
everybody was naked, he took off his clothes too. This was the first time
that Deke saw his brother having sex without him. He was surprised and
looked for an opening where he could engage on his own. Tyrone was sitting
there alone and Deke was immediately drawn to sit on the floor, naked, and
began to lick Tyrone's golf ball sized testicles, which were weighing down
his scrotum. Deke needed to start to lick behind Tyrone's pendulous sack,
making it suck his balls upward. Deke remained glued to the skin between
Tyrone's balls and taint. A very sensitive area that got little attention
and caused Tyrone to moan loudly `Ohhhh God' when he first felt the
sensation. But Tyrone gave no other notice to Deke's worship and Deke
didn't feel like giving up his spot. Both men were right where they
belonged. Both men hard. Both men stroking their own cocks.

Zelsky was still stroking his own cock. Tom was now sucking on his
nipple. David was still licking Zelsky's balls, but Kevin had wedged
himself under the couch so that he could get his tongue into Zelsky's
ass. Not unusual for Zelsky to receive so much attention. Unusual that none
of the men who were paying attention weren't attempting to suck his
magnificent cock. Truth is that they all wanted to watch him jack
himself. All of the energy factors manned, each by one of the
participants. For once, they all wanted to have their tongue somewhere on
the big man when he shot his load, so they could feel the electricity they
were each sure his cock would produce when it exploded. Each of their
tongues placed in a perfect sensual position on Zelsky's body that they
would be connected by the Big Bang when it went off...

Tyrone knew that this would be epic and that he'd never seen so much
attention to one single person's impending orgasm. Tyrone didn't think this
was an orgy so much as it was a spectacle waiting for the director to tell
all the players when to start. It seemed that all the participants were
waiting to hear "ACTION." Tyrone realized they were all waiting to hear
that direction.

Tom decided to get more directly involved and moved in front of Zelsky,
strattling Kevin's legs, and taking the head of Zelsky's cock into his
mouth, just as Tyrone uttered the word "Action." Five seconds later,
Zelsky's balls prepared themselves to shoot, sucking up into their
protective scrotum grotto at the base of his cock. Zelsky blew a huge load
into Tom's mouth, catching the load as though it were a baseball. All the
players knew to start rubbing Zelsky's body like a unified
accomplishment. Watching this, Tyrone's dick quickly becoming almost fully
erect within a few seconds. Deke still giving full tongue support to Tyrone
and realizing what just happened and what was coming.

"Sir, may I please take your cum?" Deke asked.  "I've always wanted to."

Tyrone was very pleased to be hear this. "Okay Deke... put your mouth on
the cock head and get ready." Tyrone held Deke's head in place until he
shot three pretty large loads. Deke took all three loads but there was some
overflow from the corner of his lips. "That was great. You took it all."

"Yup. I've been watching everybody else. So it's time for me to do it
too. I mean, David didn't wait for me so I guess I don't have to wait for
David anymore either, maybe."

"Deke, what are you telling me?" Tyrone says.

"When I came out from packing stuff, David was already busy without me. So,
I guess it's okay for me to do stuff by myself too." Deke tells Tyrone. But
Kevin and Tom heard David's words too and shot a look at each other in
recognition of Deke's newfound independence.

Tyrone: "You're correct Deke. You don't have to wait. I'm glad you learned
that."

"Thank you guys," Zelsky says. "That was terrific."

Tom's phone rings. "Where did I leave my pants?" He finds them on the back
of the chair at the small dining table. "Okay... it's the Attorney..." Tom
answers the phone. "Hey Dave. What's up?"

Dave Sanchez says, "I'm fine, thanks for asking."

"Oh, sorry, Dave. I'm a little distracted. You good?" Tom asks.

"Yeah. Listen, The Coroner is releasing the body today. I've arranged for
the Funeral Home at the cemetery to pick up the body and refrigerate it
overnight. She can be buried tomorrow afternoon. If you can meet me in the
morning we can drop by the Credit Union. But we need to open an account to
transfer it to. So, do you have a bank in mind or what?"

"I think we should open three accounts at the Credit Union: One for the
Trust, one for me. And one for Deke and David."

"Good. We can change financial institutions later if we need to. What time
shall we meet?" David asks.

"I will try to be up there by 10am, but I'll shoot for 9. I don't know how
traffic is. I'll text you my ETA once I'm underway. Maybe you can choose a
restaurant to meet at. Can you text me where the Funeral Home is? And
please let me know the time of the burial so I can have the boys meet us
there."

"Got it. See you in the morning." The attorney says to Tom.

"Guys. We gotta get this place packed up. We have a busy day tomorrow." Tom
announces.

Im at SgtEvans44@gmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Tue, 24 Mar 2026 09:44:58 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 56

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private. This is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you
aren't interested in this subject, or this is illegal where you live,
please stop reading. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/
and all the great works they archive. Nifty carries the costs of keeping
all of these great stories available for you to read. If you're here,
enjoying the stories on Nifty, then you are likely benefitting from the
existence of this great site. Please support Nifty.org. Take a moment to
click on the link above and make any donation that you can afford. Thank
you.

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you're thinking.

New Orders 56


Day 44   1600 Hours.  (8/11)



Captain Williams arrangements.

As the men get ready to organize a dinner meal, they are getting undressed
to go downstairs for a shower. Kevin is doing some paperwork in his office
in terms of scheduling Ambassadorial duties. He needs to ask Tom for more
information about Captain Williams who will arrive in two days.

Tom needs to confer with Zelsky regarding Margaret Fuller's letter. He
knows that he can't reveal the whole letter but needs to let someone that
he trusts know that the letter exists. Tom considers whom he choose as a
backup trustee. He considers the enormous risk of not having a backup
trustee chosen should anything ever happen to him. He considers all the
guys that know the twins, especially Kevin, but also realizes that Kevin
might not possess the maturity to reason out business type issues that will
likely fall into his path to consider. He loves Kevin but can't put the
financial interests of the Twins on Kevin's shoulders. Eventually Tom will
have to choose the backup Trustee and Zelski seems the logical choice. But
he doesn't need to make that choice too quickly.

"I know that you've got way more than you're sharing. If I'm able to help
you, you just need to ask." Zelsky tells his Sergeant buddy in soft tones,
as they both step naked, in to the large glass shower room, not wanting to
attract any unwanted listeners. This isn't sexy chatter between these two
men. This is the opening statement that these two men know by intuition
will become a serious conversation among their House mates.

"Your instinct is good... or my poker face is really bad," Tom says to
Alex, with a big smile. Tom puts his left hand, still dry around the neck
of his naked buddy, pulling him close to kiss him, as they both begin to
show and grow hard. They stay lip locked for 30 or 40 seconds. "Yeah, I
need to share some shit. But I want to do this in front of Margaret's
attorney so that he can tell me that it's okay to do so. I hope we can make
that happen soon. Maybe tomorrow if the attorney can make time for us."

"I'll do whatever you need." The tall Sergeant assures Tom.

"I need to tell you this, though... having nothing to do with the details
of the trust, their Gran wrote me a letter that brought me to tears. And in
it she said that she has to trust me because she's run out of time. This
lady really loved Deke and David. She wants to make sure that I keep the
boys away from their family and the family away from the boys. She said
that they are `rotten to the core.' So I'm a little paranoid about that. It
kind of makes me think we need to know what they look like, just in case. I
don't want any of us to be surprised."

Zelsky puts his arms around Tom's shoulders and says, "Okay, let's keep
that between us for now; we'll see what her attorney knows about this."

When the two men are back upstairs getting dressed, Tom pulls the
Attorney's Business Card out of his pocket. He calls `Dave Sanchez' and
dials his business number.

"You've reached the answering service for David Sanchez, Attorney at
Law. Please leave your name and phone number. However, if you dial your
call back number I will call you as soon as possible."  Tom entered his
cell phone number and hung up. His phone rang within a few seconds, and to
Tom's surprise it wasn't a secretary. It was Dave Sanchez.

"Mr. Sanchez. I'm Sergeant Tom Lansford and Margaret Fuller's letter, and
your business card led me to call you. I'd like to meet with you at your
earliest convenience."

"Yes, I'm sure you have some questions. I have time tomorrow morning at 9am
in my office, assuming you want to chat in private." Sanchez offers.

"Great. I'm bringing another Sergeant and friend with me, who will likely
be my backup Trustee, if he agrees. So I'd like for you to meet one
another. We will see you tomorrow morning. Thank you,"

"Glad that you're taking this seriously." The Attorney tells Tom. "You have
my address?"

"Poplar Grove Blvd, right?"

"See you at 9am." Attorney Sanchez affirms.

As Tom turns around he is surprised by Zelsky's hulking body being only 2
inches away. "Oh fuck, hi!" Tom says with surprise.

"Do I understand that you're taking me somewhere in the morning?" Zelsky
says in a husky whisper in Tom's ear.

"You understand correctly. This guy, David Sanchez is the attorney for Deke
and David's grandmother. He knows her plan. And I have listen to what he's
got to say before I can begin. I'm guessing that this trust is like a big
book that I'm going to have to read. Ugh... But it's probably going to have
a huge effect on our lives, so I need to do this right."

"Why would that be?" Alex asks him.

"Because Margaret Fuller specified ME as the trustee. She set up this trust
so that I, as the trustee, can set the twins up to have a company. She set
this up so that I will be paid for the next several years to be the
manager. I think that it means that I'm going to more than double my income
so that I can buy Tyrone's house and support You and Kevin, no matter what
happens with the Army. It's not like I'm going to be a millionaire, but it
puts us in reach of being able to do several things that would haven't ever
been able to do before."

"Such as....?" Alex asks.

"Such as I will be able to support you both. We can buy a car; We can have
some nice dinners; I don't know yet. I don't have a plan. But I do know
that I want us to experience it together.... The three of us."

"Tom," Alex says firmly, "I really like my life. I'm loving our life with
Kevin and the twins and the guys here. I'm not looking to get away from
that. I'm loving our very sexy relationship. Don't you?"

"I do. And I'm not thinking that we're going to pick up and leave our lives
here behind. But wouldn't it be awesome to have the security of owning our
own home? Army guys around the world own houses. I fully understand that
we're not them... but we do have kids that we need to consider, just like
parents. We've got Kevin and Deke and David... or at least I do."

"You're assuming that I suddenly want to give up my current role with you
so that you can become a homeowner. I'm just starting to become secure with
you as my Dom Daddy and you're kind of expecting me to exchange my security
blanket for something else. I've actually made several changes to my life
recently. I'm not eager to change it all again just this moment."

"No I'm not asking you to give up anything." Tom tells Zelsky. "I'm trying
to offer you a bigger security blanket. I'm not giving up anything and I'm
not asking you to either. I want to be with you and Kevin...  that's
all. Keep the family together. And now the twins are part of our family. We
have to make certain that we don't overtly exclude our friends. It's just a
step forward; we're already solidifying our friendships with other guys,
but we can talk about that later."

"Alex. All I'm asking at this moment is that you go with me to listen to
the Attorney in the morning. I don't even know what I can discuss with you
yet. So, let's just fucking relax. We're not changing our relationship and
nobody is getting abandoned. But let me ask you this, since we've never
discussed it. You are very locked into your position at Ft. Bragg, and when
you come out here it's always your intent to head back to Bragg as soon as
you finish up your business. But you wind up staying longer and
longer. What's your intention? Where do you want to be stationed? And,
possibly more importantly, do you want a future together?"

"I'm not the all-certain, self-possessed Sergeant you met only a few weeks
back. You've changed me, I think for the better. I'm your sub and I'll do
what you tell me to do. If you tell me you want me to stay with you and
Kevin, then that's what I am obligated to do. Nothing has made me as
complete as being your boy. If that's what you want then I will put in for
a permanent transfer.

"I can't make that decision for you. All I ask is that we find out more
together and then we'll start to figure out how to move forward. But, Alex,
Yes, I want you to be my boy. I've never experienced this either. It's
important that we have the same goals." Tom tells Alex. "I'm going to
organize the troops for a dinner meeting.

Tom's Text to Sean: "Is the Van available for this evening? TL" "She's
gassed and ready now. Shall I bring her over to the House?" Sean texts
back.  "That would be great. Thx."

Hey Kevin... we're going to have a group dinner. Get dressed."

"Okay. We're not going to eat here?" Kevin queries.

"Nope, we need to have a family meeting. It's not for everyone's ears." Tom
says quietly.

Tom calls Anton. "Hey, we're going to take the twins out to dinner for a
little family meeting. You wanna join? Cool. Ask Sergeant Brown if he wants
to join."

Tom heads up the stairs and finds Deke and David pulling labels off their
newly acquired jeans and shirts... "Hey Guys, you like these clothes?"

"Yeah, it's been a long time since we had any new stuff. Gran used to tell
us she'd take us shopping but we didn't want to be a bother to her." David
says.

"I'm sure she'd be thinking you were pretty handsome all dressed up in your
new clothes. We're going to dinner in a little while. I'd like for you to
wear these long sleeve shirts and these Khaki slacks with your new
shoes. Alright?" The boys were enthused about Tom's choices." Just come
down stairs when you're dressed. We're taking the van."

The "Family Room" started to take on a new implication, Tom realized, as
his new family began to gather in the room. Sergeant Lansford was slightly
dumbfounded by the almost accidental significance. But he also realized
that this wasn't the time to share that with any of these guys. It might
seem silly.

"Hey Anton. Glad you could join us. Is Tyrone coming?"

"He decided that he needed an evening to be alone," Anton reports, "and to
start organizing his personal stuff to pack up at his house, since he's
leaving in a week."

"Ok, understandable... "Tom observed. "I was thinking that we need to have
a first family meeting. Perhaps we should go to one of those restaurants
where they have private rooms. There's an Italian place called Joffrey's
Private Dining and they have a small room reserved for us. You guys
hungry?" Tom asks.

"When has this crew ever not been hungry?" Anton responds. "Is this like a
pizza deal?"

"You can order whatever is on the menu." Tom tells them as they stand up
and head for the front door. The guys start to get a little excited at the
thought of having a little expedition off the base together. None of the
men are wearing Army garb. That's a first.

The Twins are excited to be included. They've been sort of lurking in the
background at the House, always trying to stay out of everyone's way. And
the boys themselves have been very careful to never be too visible. They
remained unnoticed as they learned to be in their historical family home,
for fear of being punished. Their Gran made them feel recognized. Anton
responded to their plea. Tyrone offered them hope. The guys at the House
made them feel worthy... and sexy. But it wasn't until Tom and Kevin came
to rescue them from Gran's house when she passed, that they began to
realize that they were appreciated and loved. The only way they had felt
special previously was when they learned the joy of sucking cock. They
wanted that very much, they yearned for it. They loved the men that they
served. And that became the only thing for which they earned
self-esteem. It was a big first step. But it was all too new for them to
fully grasp. They knew that their only real security, their grasp on sanity
was each other.

Somehow, dressed in new clothes, sitting in the van among the men they
admired, knowing that there was so much ahead of them, they felt a bit more
secure than they ever remembered. They sat in the back seat holding hands
and occasionally smiling. For the first time ever, they realized that they
had a future.

"It's this white stucco building up here on the right," Tom directs
Kevin. They found a space in front, easy when they arrive so early. They
all head in the door and are directed to the private room Tom had reserved.

"This is good, figure out what you want to eat and then we'll order. We're
going to discuss some private things tonight, which is why I reserved a
private room. So, if anybody comes in, we should pause our discussion."

When the cute, but plump waitress came in with menus, she asked what
everyone wanted to drink. Everyone wanted soft drinks, opting for beers
when they returned to the House. Tom suggested that they order food if they
knew what they wanted. Lasagna seemed to be the common choice. Once the
orders were all placed, Tom brought the conversation to order.

"We find ourselves sitting here as a family of men who appreciate one
another and who need one another." Tom starts. "There are worse reasons to
be part of a family. Personally, I have a different relationship with each
of you and I love every one of you. I hope we are in each other's lives for
as long as possible. So, I wanted to celebrate with you by breaking bread
and discussing the future. It seems that I might be buying a house, but I
want to make sure to take your thoughts into account. If I were to buy this
house, we would be drawn away from the House that we've been living in from
time to time. But then I am also now responsible for Deke and David, at the
request of their recently deceased Grandmother." Tom looks at the twins,
continuing, "I want to start by asking what you want. You also now have a
house that your Gran left for you... and her car. What would you guys like
to see happen... do you know?"

David starts, "We love being with you all. We want to stay with all of
you. We like to clean up around the House. But sometimes we like to get
away from the House. We really like to do projects like at Tyrone's
house. But we really love having sex with the men at the House. Can we
still do that if you buy Tyrone's house?

"Guys, presuming that I purchase this house, you'll still be able to come
to the House and visit everyone. I'm hoping that you'll still want to prep
our coffee and do laundry, etc. IF you want to. You have your own car now
so you can sleep where you want. Do you still want to start the business of
doing projects for clients?"

"Yes, we are willing to do that for a while, but we really like the idea of
being porn guys." Deke shares." We think we could make money because we
could do sexy stuff as twins. We've watched other twins that seem to have a
lot of followers. Can we make some more movies?

"Wow... that's not what I expected." Tom reacts. "Anybody have any thoughts
on that?"

"I love the idea." Anton adds.

"Perhaps we should find a better location than the House." Zelsky points
out. "I'm gonna guess that there might be some other guys that would love
to participate also, I mean as cast or crew. Nobody cares anymore. I'm sure
there are other guys in the Military making some extra money in porn. I've
seen a bunch on line, but I have no idea if they're actually military."

"Kevin... you have any thoughts on this?" Tom queries.

"Yeah. I loved the video we shot in the showers. I was pretty proud of
having the guys watch my video at the House. And I'll bet I could get some
of those guys to be involved. In fact, I'll bet that our clients would be
super excited to be served by a video star. We could send them video clips
of their ambassador instead of just a face pic." Kevin suggests.

"Zelsky... what's the down side? What's the liability for this?"  Tom asks.

"I would think that they only vulnerability we'd have would be if we did
this behind General Thomas' back." Zelsky reasons. "If we got his blessing
first. I think he might like it for a number of reasons. The first is the
Charm Offensive. Clients might be willing to give up even more
information. There is certainly a lot to be said for a handsome man in a
military uniform. It could be the modern-day version of using Clark Gable
as a spy. I'm pretty sure that all of our clients would be more workable
and pliant if they saw their ambassadors as Stars. If our clients sleep
with our Stars, they'd probably see it as a reward. Porn Stars aren't
ostracized any longer from society. In fact, they are welcomed by Hollywood
at award broadcasts for all the world to see. But it would require some
discussion with the General. Maybe we should create a video just for
him. Do a little presentation for him. I'm guessing he'd be impressed."

"It certainly would be considered a reward by our clients. And it might
allow us to sort of set the pace for these guys." Tom points out.

"Yeah, maybe make a point that certain stuff isn't part of the program,"
Anton interjects. "I think we need to ask our Ambassadors if they're
willing to participate. Have them give us their opinion. Although everyone
was excited when we played Kevin and Owen's porn."

"Kevin... what do you think?" Tom asks.

"You know me. I'm up for it, but I want us to have a plan. I don't want to
lose everything that we have going on at the House. How do we find out if
the General might be receptive?" Kevin says.

"Let's start by having a discussion with 3 or 4 guys before we ask the
entire group. Get a feel for it and maybe some support." Tom advises. "We
certainly have the talent to pull this off. The Army's finest." Tom
smiles. "But Deke and David, do you feel that exposing yourselves as the
twin porn stars will cause you problems with your family or anyone you
know? I want you to think about that. Nobody wants you to get hurt by
this."

"We don't have any friends outside of you guys." David says.

"And the guys at the House." Deke adds. "We don't care about anyone
else. Our family is history to us."

"Except that we need to bury Gran. Do we know when that is?" David asks
Tom.

"I'm meeting the attorney tomorrow morning and I'll find out what we do
next, okay?" Tom tells the boys. "Anything else before we eat?"

Kevin: "Yes." Kevin stands up at the table. "I'm really happy to have all
of you in this family. And Deke and David, I'm really glad that you're part
of our family now. I love all you guys."

Zelsky stood up and put his arms around Kevin and give him a big
hug. "Thank you man." Each of the other men stood up from the round table
and began to hug one another.

"Can I say something?" David asked. Every man nodded, not wanting to have
to speak for fear of stuttering. "We didn't know how much we missed being
part of a family until now," Tom and Kevin noticed that there were tears in
the twins eyes as he spoke. `We love you guys."

The doors of the private room opened and the waitress and a busboy wheeled
in dinner and drinks and spread the plates, confirming who ordered what and
then their drinks were served. Everyone dug into their food. They were
pretty hungry. They were pretty happy.

Zelsky raised his glass of Diet Coke and everyone quieted... and said,
"Here's to First Sergeant Tyrone Brown who had the common decency to invite
Deke and David to come back to the base where they'd be safe. God Bless
him." The men around the table held up their glasses.

Dining was unusual for this group. Typically, they ate take-out pizza off
of a paper plate. They kind of had to act like they knew how to dine. The
truth is that it's very difficult to eat hot lasagna with one's
fingers. But they got through the meal. They were pleasantly full. But the
family menu included a slice of Tiramisu, which none of the younger men had
ever heard of. Zelsky declared it one of his favorites. Everyone consumed
the desert. Everyone knew this was a very special event.


Day 45 0500


Tom, Kevin and Alex decided to trundle down the stairs to get coffee.  Deke
and David were just setting out the paper cups and milk and sweeteners on
the counter. Everyone was fully naked, displaying some morning wood. Nobody
cared. They barely spoke until they got some coffee down their
throats. "God that's good," said Zelsky.

"I feel so full from dinner," says Kevin.

"Thank you for dinner last night. It felt really good to be at the table
with all of you." David told the men at the table. "We didn't understand
how special that was until we got home and talked about it. We really liked
it... a lot."

Deke adds, "And thanks for the clothes. We went through them and folded
them up when we got home. We talked about it... and we realized that we're
at home now. We really appreciate that."

"Hey, you know. I think we all feel that way, Deke." Tom says. "All of us
are glad that you're with us."

"We know," Deke and David respond in unison.

"Have you two thought about what you want to do with your Gran's house? Do
you want to keep it?" Tom asks.

"Gran told us to think about our family. She said that it might be better
to sell it so our Dad can't get his hands on it." David tells the men.

"Well, Sergeant Zelsky and I are going to go talk to your Gran's attorney
this morning and I want to tell him what you want to do with the house."

"We talked about it and we don't want to live there because our Dad might
find us there." Deke shares.

"Okay. I'll let you know what the attorney says. By the way, we're going to
need to establish a new legal address for you. Probably a PO Box or
something like that." Tom thinks. "Kevin, could you find out if there's a
good mail delivery service where they can sign up to get mail. Maybe one
that can forward mail to wherever these guys are living in the future."

"We live here," David shares. "We want to live where you are."

"I just want to set this up so your Dad can't find you. That's all. You'll
be with me for a long while. Understand?" Tom explains kindly.

"Yes," the Twins say in unison.

"Kevin, Alex is going to come with me and listen to what the Attorney tells
us about how to administer the trust that Gran set up. I need to take
notes. So, anyway, I need for you to hold down the fort."

"I hope you'll share some of the details when you get back. I'd love to
know if I can help you." Kevin tells Tom. "By the way, I think you should
find out more about your neighbors before you buy Tyrone's house...but I
definitely think you should buy a house. Maybe a little bit bigger."

"Why bigger?" Tom asks.

"Well, because you're not just going to live in it like Tyrone." Kevin
points out. "You're going to have parties. Wouldn't it be great if you
could invite all of the men in the House to come to a Naked Pool Party? I
mean, if we're going to shoot videos and get the place wet when we play,
maybe you should find a house that's a little more private, and a little
more waterproof. If Tyrone has a dinner party with more than 6 guys, it
gets very cramped. It needs to have at least a hot tub, an outdoor bar, 4
or 5 bedrooms, a much bigger kitchen. I mean, it could wind up being a set
for a lot of videos that we might make."

"He's got a really good point, Tom" Zeksky adds. "Plus, you can write off
the rooms that you use to make a movie. You really do need to consider
this.

Tom says "Thanks. I appreciate that... it's a really good
thought. Kevin. Would you and Anton consider the areas where such a place
might be? We're going to get dressed and head to the City. We'll chat when
we get back. Start to put together the plan. But keep your thoughts about
the house idea just between us.

"Hey Deke... do you guys know this lawyer guy, Dave?"

"Nope."

"Okay." Sergeant Tom Lansford turns as he stands and looks down at the
still seated Zelsky, caressing the back of his neck, Tom says, "Let's take
Kevin into the shower and hose him down." The two men grab Kevin and
pretend to be abducting him as they drag him into the shower.

"We've only got a few minutes to get you washed and ready." Tom says still
playing the captor. "Let him have it, Alex." Zelsky aim his large and
someway engorged cock at Kevin crotch and starts pissing on his
cock. "Owwffff, that feels so great. Let's see what it tastes like. Kevin
squats down to take the stream into his mouth just as Tom begins to piss on
him from behind. Tom moves around to Kevin's face, continuing to piss on
his boyfriend, and then `accidentally' moves his stream over to Zelsky's
cock and balls. Zelsky thought it was a poor aim on Tom's part until he
realized it was a gift from his best buddy. The two sergeants ran out after
about 45 seconds and all three men grabbed a shower to soap up.

"That was a nice way to get motivated. Thank you both. Very hot." Kevin
thanked the two smiling men.

"Kevin, we're going to go to MacDonald's and get a breakfast sandwich on
the way to Salt Lake City. I'll check in with you when we finish the
meeting with the Attorney. You can text me but don't call me unless it's an
emergency, k?" Tom instructs him.

The two men, dressed in their fatigues, drive off toward the big city. Most
of their trip was a bit quiet. The conversation centered around Tyrone's
departure. The two Sergeants discussed sharing the large office when Tyrone
leaves. They decide that Zelsky will book the office as needed when it's
available. Tom decides to have a desk brought into the office for Zelsky as
a surprise. They also discuss Kevin's idea of a larger house. Tom confides
in Alex that his new income isn't all that much and that's he's not certain
that he can pull off supporting a much larger house. Alex suggests that
they just explore it. What if something worked?

The men didn't find a MacDonald's until much closer to SLC. They were early
and had the spare time to dine inside. Finishing up and getting back on the
road with plenty of time to spare, reaching Dave Sanchez' office 5 minutes
early. But they found the office and knocked on the door, only Dave was
inside and promptly opened up.

"Nice to meet you.... Tom?" Sanchez extended his hand to Zelsky who then
introduces Tom. "... and I'm Sergeant Zelsky"

Tom extends his hand to Mr. Sanchez who offers them a seat at his
conference table in his office. "Would you like some water?" The attorney
asks.

"Thanks, no." Tom says. "I'm hoping you can fill me in on everything
relevant to this situation. I never got to meet `Gran,' as Deke and David
refer to her. The only connection I have to her is this letter that she
wrote to me. I brought a copy in case you might want it for your files."
Tom hands the letter to Mr. Sanchez who peruses it quickly and comments.

"Wow. She was a strong lady, even on her deathbed... she definitely knew
how to communicate what she wanted," said Sanchez.

"Did you know her well?" Tom asks.

"Didn't know her at all. I only met her about 10 days before she passed
when she knew it was inevitable. I went out to her house. I took notes and
put together a will and the Trust, both of them here in this folder that I
made copies for you. Here you go." Dave Sanchez tells Tom.

"What does the Will say?"

"It says that everything she owns goes into the Trust upon her death...

"Tell me, how did she find you? I mean, if you hadn't known her
previously..." Tom asks.

"She looked me up online. She said she wanted a gay lawyer to represent and
defend her boys. I specialize in Trusts but primarily for gay clients. So,
I guess she was attracted by the Rainbow in my ad." Sanchez speculates.

"So, then she told you that her grandsons are gay." Toms questions.

"Her words were: My grandsons may be as gay as a 3-dollar bill, but I'll be
damned if their family will ever get a dime of their money, Dave... I
decided a little over a year ago that I would formulate all of my
investments into a Trust to protect these boys from their evil parents. So,
you need to help me make that be so." Dave quoted his client. "And that's
what I've done."

"I assume she knew that I am gay...?" Sergeant Lansford speculated.

"She said she didn't know, but her Grandsons told her that they respected
you tremendously. I don't think that she knew you were gay, but she hoped
you were for the sake of defending the boys. Tell me something, how did you
come to meet the boys?" The attorney asked.

Tom and Alex shot each other a surprised look.

"The Twins seem to have been drawn to Kinky Gay men and drove to San
Francisco for the Dore Ally street fair." Tom explains. "They tried
desperately to learn about gay sex and a couple of our colleagues found
themselves befriended by these sexy boys. They were ravenous for
information. The boys made it known that they had nowhere to live when the
event was over and convinced a friend that they could perform cleaning and
painting services in exchange for a place to live. He took them in and the
boys have gotten to know most of men in our unit, which is an Army
intelligence unit, by the way."

"Margaret wasn't sure what the relationship was, but she felt sure that you
were a group of honorable men who would be good examples for the boys."
Dave shares.

"So, can you fill me in on the major elements of the Trust." Tom
queries. "I've only read the letter. And, by the way, I'm in the process of
explaining this Trust... this situation to Sergeant Zelsky at the same
time. I know that I have to pick a backup Trustee within a year and it's
likely going to be this man. Am I restricted from divulging any particular
information to him or to the boys?

"The letter pretty much spells out the situation in plain language. The
Trust details the situation in Legalize. You can share information with the
Sergeant, if you pass along the restriction that he can't share it to
anyone else until such time as he becomes the trustee." Dave turns to
Zelsky and says, "do you understand and do you agree to keep the details of
this Trust confidential?"

Zelsky responds, "Sure."

"No, Sergeant, the words are `I do."

Zelsky holds up his right hand and says "I do."

"Good. Go ahead, Tom. Ask me whatever you need to understand. Though I'm
giving you a copy of the signed and notarized Trust to read and keep."

"I am the Trustee. Do I answer to a board? Like are you on the board... or
what?

"Sergeant," Attorney Sanchez looks dead in his eyes. "Listen Carefully. As
Trustee, you are like the President of a company that you own. You don't
answer to anyone. You have full control. Margaret spelled out certain goals
that she wants you to go after, such as making more than 6% interest, and
there are some other things that you've read. But there will be nobody
looking over your shoulder to see that you follow her instructions. The
nine million dollars are sitting in a smallish Credit Union, which I will
visit with you, as they don't yet have any identification of yours... but I
think we should first establish a plan as to where the funds will be
directed. You don't want to be walking around with that kind of cash, you
know?"

"You also have the fiduciary responsibility for keeping financial records
and filing taxes every year. You should find a good CPA."

"Mr. Sanchez. I'm going to need an attorney from time to time. Are you
willing to work with me?"

"That's like asking a realtor if they want to sell your house. The answer
is, Of Course." The attorney tells the Sergeant.

"Do you know what you're going to do with this money?"

"Our plan is to set up a small company for the boys. Buy the boys a van and
some equipment. Get them set up to learn how to depend on themselves as
Margaret asked me to do. At the moment the boys want to be gay porn
actors. They would likely be successful if they actually do it. They work
out in the gym quite a lot. They are very sexy young guys." Tom tells Dave.

"You need to be clear on this: if I am the Trust's attorney I am also your
attorney and the Boys' attorney." Dave states. "I could never represent
either of you in an action against the other. Do you understand?"

"Dave, the Twins will live with me wherever I am. Right now we're all
housed in an Army Barracks unit. But I think I want to buy a house. I
haven't owned a house previously. I could probably use your help.

"Happy to help. Tell me... do Deke and David also stay with you in this
Barracks House?"

"They do. They love it. They do work around the House, Like morning Coffee
Service and Laundry and Cleaning, etc.."

"You hired them?" The attorney asks.

"Actually, they do all of this quietly and I only found out a few days ago
that this was going on. They were doing it sort of to pay their keep in the
House just by their own initiative... So now we've started to pay them for
the work they do." Sergeant Lansford explains.

"I'm so glad they found you. You seem like great guys, just like Margaret
was hoping for.  Call me after you read the Trust, if you have any
questions."

"Thanks, I will." Tom says. "But I have one more question: The boys asked
me about the funeral."

"Oh, she didn't want a funeral. Just a simple burial. I'll call the coroner
and see if we can get the Body released." Dave tells Tom.

"We appreciate your time," Zelsky says.

The two Army men shake hands with their new lawyer. And head for their
car. Tom starts the car and they put on their seatbelts. "Can you believe
that we now have a gay lawyer in Salt Lake City? Who would have thought
that?" Zelsky mutters.

"Who would have thought that a Mormon Grandmother would have found a gay
attorney to represent her gay grandsons and their Gay Trustee in Salt Lake
City? I mean, come on... that can't happen every day." Tom says, and they
both start laughing as they drive out of the parking lot.

"So we need to go fill in Anton and Kevin. They need t know what's going
on." Zelsky states.

"And we need to impress upon them that they can't share. And we can't tell
them how much is in the trust." Tom points out.

More to come soon ....

Share your thoughts: SgtEvans44@gmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Wed, 4 Mar 2026 14:24:47 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 55

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private. This is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you
aren't interested in this subject, or this is illegal where you live,
please stop reading. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/
and all the great works they archive. Nifty carries the costs of keeping
all of these great stories available for you to read. If you're here,
enjoying the stories on Nifty, then you are likely benefitting from the
existence of this great site. Please support Nifty.org. Take a moment to
click on the link above and make any donation that you can afford. Thank
you.

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you're thinking.

New Orders 55


Day 43           1945 hours (2/1)


"Okay, David, slow down. First, I'm so sorry your Gran died. " Tom tells
him.... "Do you need for me to come there tonight and get you or Can you
Stay at the House tonight?  I'm a little bit drunk because we're having a
party. Actually, Tyrone said he could drive me there... Okay, thank
you. Can you text me that address and I'll see you in the morning. Thank
you for understanding. Keep your phone charged for me. I'm gonna go to bed
now so I'll be wide awake in the morning. Okay? Call me if you need me."
Tom ends the call and looks down at his hand.

Kevin stands next to him waiting to hear the details of the. "Tell me what
David said."

"He said that his Gran died. David thinks she must have known and didn't
want to be alone when she passed." Tom said.

Kevin put is arms around Tom. "How awful for them. I'll go with you in the
morning." Kevin consoles him.

"You don't need to. You can still have fun tonight."

Kevin responds: "I doubt that anybody will want to continue tonight if
they've heard... We should go downstairs and tell at least Anton and
Zelsky."

"And Noah... "Tom says. "They are close."

When Tom and Kevin get downstairs, still dressed in their harnesses and
chaps, they were surprised that most of the guys in attendance were already
saddened by the news of the Twins Grandmother.  The men start to move a
slow step forward to Tom and Kevin, hoping to hear some information.

"I don't yet know what to say... obviously we all have a soft spot for Deke
and David. They went down to see their `Gran' because she wasn't feeling
well. It seems like she knew her time was near... that's what David alluded
to... but I think he's probably just searching for answers. Kevin and I
will drive over to get them tomorrow morning. I hope they can get some
sleep tonight." Tom tells the group. He grabs Kevin's head and pulls him
close to kiss him. They start to climb the stairs to go get their clothes
off.

Noah stops by Apartment 14 to tell Kevin and Tom that he'll do whatever he
can to be helpful, and that he'll continue "... making coffee and cleaning
up the kitchen while they're consumed with their family stuff."

"Thanks, Noah... I don't know any details yet. They gotta be freaked out."
Zelsky walks into the tiny apartment hearing Toms statement.

"Tell me what you need from me." Zelsky offers.

"Well, you need to be in charge tomorrow. Kevin and I are going to drive
down to get the boys. I'm gonna guess that Kevin might need to drive their
car back, but literally, I am only speculating." Tom says.

"Did they call the Coroner or an ambulance or anybody?" Zelsky asks.

"I don't know." Tom answers "Maybe I should call back and ask that. Maybe
they need a guiding voice." Tom picks up his phone and redials.

"Hi, It's Tom. Is this Deke or David? Okay, David. Yes, I was just
wondering if you called an ambulance or the police or the coroner or
anybody? Okay, was your `Gran alive when the ambulance arrived? Oh.... I'm
sorry. Did they tell you what she died of? Oh, God... she told you? That
must have been hard to hear... Okay. It's going to be hard to sleep
tonight. Kevin and I will be there tomorrow morning. Do you want to come
home with us? Oh, good. I'm glad to hear that. Okay, go get some
sleep. Bye"

"She died before the ambulance got there. But She told the boys that she
was having heart failure. So, she knew. But I told David we'd be there in
the morning. Let's ask Sean if there's a car to use."

Anton has been waiting outside the door, not wanting to overcrowd the
Apartment with too many large men. "Tom... Sean is waiting downstairs to
talk to you."

"Thanks Anton.... You okay?" Tom asks, while he slides some running shorts
on and then some flip flops.

"I'll be okay. Just wish I could help the boys," Anton says.

"Just think for a moment how much help you're given these guys leading up
to this moment. You've given them guidance and hope. If they didn't have us
they would be complete wrecks right now... and they'd be so isolated. But
they're not. They've got us," Tom tells Anton. Tom heads downstairs to chat
with Sean and perhaps a snack.

Tom walks over to Sean with some Pizza in hand, biting off a piece for
something to do as much as his being hungry. "Hey buddy. Sorry about
tonight, but we had fun up until Tyrone came and wrecked the party."

"Tyrone didn't do anything wrong" Sean tells Tom.

"Of course not. Just trying to keep it lite." Tom replies.

"I hope we can continue one day soon. A boy needs to be educated in the
fine arts." Sean tells Tom.

"We will. Deke and David will want to as much as anyone. Have you met them,
Sean? They're great kids."

"How old are they? Sean asks.

"They're 18... they're very sweet guys. They love it here." Sergeant
Lansford tells Private Sean Covin, who is not yet part of the Army Unit.

"How did they wind up at the House?" Sean asks.

"Anton and Kevin kind of picked them up at the Dore Ally Street Fair in San
Francisco. They followed Anton back to the hotel the guys were staying
at... they were begging to be taught about gay sex. They're twins who've
always been together but grew up in a Mormon household and dad didn't dig
it so he threw them out and they would up going to their grandmother's
house and she kind of took them in, but I don't know the details of who is
who. I just know that they loved her and she loved them. And now, we
realize that when it became HER time, she wanted the Boys with her rather
than anyone else in the family, it sounds like. I'm kind of a late
comer. Tyrone sanctioned their staying at the House. His objective was to
get the boys on their feet and create a little business venture for
them. But when Tyrone was nominated for Officer Training, I stepped in to
be their guiding hand... and they trust me. I started a little program to
get them working and it turned out that like little gnomes, they were
working here at the House, setting up Coffee, cleaning, doing laundry. They
just do stuff on their own and everybody here loves `em. They couldn't be
luckier... and neither could we. It's kind of odd how this all just came
together. Hey, listen... is there a car Kevin and I can drive out to get
them tomorrow morning?" Tom asks.

"Yes. There's one I drove over earlier. It's parked out front.. Can I still
spend the night here?" Private Covin asks.

"... um... Apartment 24 is yours. I mean, like for overnight and when you
move in to the unit. Is there anything that you need?" Tom asks.

Oh, I thought you were just giving it to me for tonight, like to change and
sack out." Sean says.

"Let's go check it out... see what it needs. But let's just grab a couple
bottles of water to take up with us. Oh wait, let me show you where we keep
towels." The two men walk behind the glassed room showers and there are a
bunch of clean towels. "Grab one." Tom walks up to the first landing to see
if Kevin wants to help him tuck Sean in on first night. But, Kevin is all
tucked in bed. Zelsky is rubbing his back. Tom continues the march of the
flights up 2 levels to Apartment 24. "You have a blanket and a pillow. You
have a small shower next to the small closet. You can just crawl in bed if
you want. I'll tuck you in. Sean is hoping for a good night kiss when he
lays back. And Tom gives him one.

"Is there anywhere in the house that I need to have clothes on?" Sean asks.

"Nope. Kevin and I typically get up at 5. Coffee might be ready then. But
the boys are the ones who make it. I'm not sure about tomorrow
morning. Goodnight."

"Sergeant... "Tom stops in his tracks and turns around. "I feel pretty
special having my sergeant tuck me in on my first night here. I won't tell
anyone."

Tom smiled and said "Goodnight." And pulls he door shut behind him. He
decided to walk down to the first floor just to see who's still hangin'
out.  He finds Noah in the kitchen setting up the coffee for the
morning. He finds Owen getting his cock sucked by Devin, the delivery guy
in the Family Room. "You guys doing okay?" Tom asks Owen.

"Oh yeah... We're just hangin out together. Owen says.

"Devin, you okay to spend the night?" Tom asks. "Owen, Devin shouldn't be
driving tonight. Can he sleep with you?"

Devin grunts. And Owen says "Sure... that good Devin? Devin grunts again.

"Good night guys. I'm going up." Tom tells Owen.

Tom is kind of realizing that it's going to be hard to fit into a
queen-sized bed that Kevin and Zelsky are already occupying, but he takes
his shoes and pants off and fit's himself under the covers as if with a
shoe horn. Kevin grunts. Zelsky grunts. Tom grunts back as if they're all
conversing. Tom is glad that he's in bed. He has no more energy left.








DAY 44 0500 Hours


0500 comes very early.

Alex woke first and dutifully got up to fetch 3 coffees for Tom and Kevin
and himself. But when he went downstairs he ran into Owen who told the big
man how much fun he'd had last night. "Me too, Owen. Nobody's ever taken
their time eating my ass like that before. So, let's do that again soon."

"Gladly," Owen answered with a grin. "Any news from last night?"

"No, Tom and Kevin are still asleep. They will probably need some breakfast
before they head out." Zelsky tells Owen before taking the 3 coffees
upstairs.

Tom woke first and felt the absence of the big man in the bed. So, he took
advantage and fully stretched his legs out mere seconds before the coffee
was delivered. "Oh, thank you," Tom said as he sat up on his pillow
supported by the wall.

"Good morning." Alex said. "You need to get some food in you. This could be
a rough day... Tell me how I can help you."

"I think you're right. Today will be a test on how I can chew bubblegum and
walk. I need you to work with Anton and get my banking shit together. I
need to get a loan to buy Tyrone's house... So, please talk with him and
see what needs to be done. You can call me if necessary, but I'm going to
get ready and go shortly. Kevin said he wanted to go with me. So, if you
can keep an eye on the House here, I'd appreciate it.

`Will do, boss." Zelsky tells Tom.

Kevin slept hard and late. When he woke he was kind of in a trance. He
tried to search his memory to see if what he thought he knew about the
twins Grandma was a dream or true. He was suffering a bit of shock. He
never had friends who lost their relatives, though it had happened within
his family, but he didn't remember much of that early childhood
experience. He had successfully put it out of his mind.

By the time he woke, the coffee that Zelsky had delivered had cooled
off. It was odd to wake up alone in Apartment 14 and it added to the
feeling of isolation Kevin was experiencing... nothing was as it should
be. But he got up to piss and walked downstairs to get a fresh coffee.

"Good Morning Private," he heard Sergeant Lansford say from behind
him. "How are you feeling?"

"I feel like I'm walking on the moon," Kevin answers. "I feel like I have
to tell my legs how to move. Nothing feels real."

"Death is the great Equalizer, they say. Everyone has to face it at some
point." Tom tells him. "We need to be there for David and Deke today so
they don't have to go through this alone. They must feel awful. When do you
want to leave to drive down to get them?"

"Should I text them and ask?" Kevin suggested.

"You know, Kevin... typically they're awake all night as far as I can
tell." Tom reminds. "But today is whatever it turns out to be. If they're
asleep when we arrive, we'll wait for them. Our schedule today is based on
whatever they need from us."

"Are we going to bring them back to the House?" Kevin probes.

"I think I asked them that last night. But I don't know what's going to
make them feel good. It's great that they have each other to sleep with."
Tom says. "All we can do is ask and listen."

"What car are we gonna take?" Asks Kevin.

"I don't know. Sean said it was sitting out in front. But I don't have a
car key." Tom said. "I'm gonna take a cup of coffee up to Apartment
24. Wanna join me?"

"Sure. I'll go down and get a cup and I'll meet you upstairs." Kevin tells
Tom. Kevin doesn't know how Sean would drink his coffee so he makes two:
one with milk and one without, grabbing 2 packs of Splenda for whichever
cup turns out to be needed. He balances the two cups as he makes his way to
Apartment 24. "How do you take your coffee, Sean?"

"Black" Sean tells him as he sits up in bed. "This is awesome... coffee
delivered in bed by two hot, sexy soldiers. And I'm not even dreaming."

"You're dreaming if this is what you think we'll be doing every day." Tom
grins. "Actually, I need the keys to the car. Kevin and I are going to get
Deke and David shortly."

"Oh, too bad, I thought you were going to help me get off..." Sean pulls
back the sheet and reveals his very nice 7.5-inch hard cock, with his own
grin."

"You really are a pig, Sean." Tom informs him. "I'm headed down for a
shower." He tells Kevin.

"I'm gonna finish my coffee. I'll be down in a minute." Kevin has his
coffee in his left hand and wraps his right hand around Sean's rigid cock
and takes a few strokes.

"Oh god... I'm so horny." Kevin takes another couple of sips of coffee and
puts it down on the tiny bed side platform, continuing, intermittently to
jack Sean's well-formed dick. Sean does nothing to stop him.

Kevin, also getting fairly hard, leans over and licks Sean's balls a few
times, making both men's cocks even stiffer, if that were possible. Kevin
looks up at Sean and then proceeds to put his cock in his mouth and get a
rhythm going. Sean pushes Kevin's head down a little farther onto his dick,
pretty expected. Kevin loves to be controlled over a man's cock when he's
sucking it but also really appreciates it when the suckee participates in
the play. It's boring when the top doesn't do anything at all. Pushing down
on the back of Kevin's head is permission to go faster, deeper... to go
harder and complete the act in a more dramatic fashion. A little Rougher.

After Sean shoots in Kevin's mouth, Kevin bluntly asks, "Do you like
rougher or just romantic play most?"

"I like both. And most of the time I'm a sub, but, do you remember when I
played with Sergeant Lansford and Sergeant Zelsky and you in the showers?
Thats what I really love. When Tom pissed down my throat, that's when it
became clear that I'd just been playing powder-puff sex games and I was
ready to play with the big boys. That's why I had the balls to pull out my
dick this morning. Was I being too pushy?"

"Not really... it's just that Toms head is wrapped around some other
things. But I guarantee that he's not upset. It isn't every day that the
family members lose a loved one like yesterday, plus he's trying to buy a
house." Kevin told Sean. "I'm not sure it was any of my business to tell
you that... but anyway, when you come down, please bring the car key. Do
you want a ride over to the Motor Pool?"

'Nah.... I'll walk." Sean says. "Hey Kevin. Next time I'll get you off!"

Kevin swallows the rest of his coffee and wash down Sean's spooge, and
heads out the door to join Tom in the shower... which he missed. Tom's
already getting dressed. Kevin grabs a quick shower and heads upstairs to
Apartment 14.

"I have to chat with Zelsky or Anton to see there's been any progress with
a financial statement before we go get the boys... Anton asks some
questions about Tom's finances and tells him that he's put the information
into the statement and see if it adds up to anything. "But, from everything
I've read on the subject, if you go with a regular bank the buyer has to
put in like 10 to 15% minimum and you're not there. A Military based loan
might be better. But I'm not familiar with their terms." Anton tells Tom,
leaving him with not too much hope. But Tom is more worried about the Twins
than he is his loan at this moment.

Tom and Kevin get in the car and set the address in Kevin's phone. The GPS
App tells them it's about 35 minutes drive, and they leave. Tom texts the
Twins phone: "We are leaving the Army Base. We'll arrive in about 35
minutes." Surprisingly, Tom receives a response immediately: "Ok."

"You guys okay?" Tom asks. Tom waits for several minutes before seeing a
response. "We don't know."

After a couple of minutes, Tom sends a follow up message: "We'll see you
shortly. Love you both."

Response: "We love you too."

Tom and Kevin drive, mostly in silence.

Kevin recognizes the house when they arrive. "It's that white one over
there." The house is an approximate size of a double wide house
trailer. Not small but definitely not big. Kevin parked in front. David,
who had been watching for their arrival came out to greet the two men. Even
while sad, he was definitely glad to see them. David and Kevin hugged one
another. Embracing for much longer than the Twins father would have
liked. Deke comes out and walks down the stairs and hugs Tom.

"Thanks for coming to save us." Deke says to Tom.

"Is there anyone else here?" Tom asks. "Have you called your family?"

Deke answers, "No. Gran said not to." Tom is a little bit concerned and
asks the boys if they all can go inside? They all move in unison at a slow
pace. No-one wanting to give up their hold. Once inside, Tom begins to ask
questions. "Does anyone in your family need to be called?

Deke said "Nope. Gran said this wasn't anyone else's business, they'd only
make trouble for us."

"Guys, what does that mean?" Tom asks.

"When our Dad kicked us out of his house he said that we couldn't come
back. And, so, when we told Gran she said, "Two can play at that game."

"Do you know What that means" Tom asks.

"We didn't at first, but we asked Gran before she died. She wrote you a
letter and said to give this to you."

"She wrote me? Why? Tom asks.

"She told us that she was dying and that it was okay. We shouldn't be
upset. She asked who we trust the most in the world. We told her you."
David told Tom.

"Why me?" Tom asks.

"Because you said that you'd take care of us. You promised, remember? "

Tom began to feel the enormity of his promise to the boys. "So, okay, let's
talk about this then. Can we do that?" Tom fumbled his words looking for a
place to start.

"Yes, but read Gran's letter." Tom had put it on the table. David picked it
up and handed it to him again. "We promised her that we'd give it to you."

"Okay." He ripped open the sealed envelope. Tom starts to read, but his
voice trails off within a sentence or two:

Dear Thomas,

I realize that you don't know me. I'm sad that we never met. My grandsons
have told me all about you. They told me about Kevin and Anton and Sergeant
Brown and Zelsky as well. Deke and David trust you and, I have run out of
time in my life so I have chosen to trust you as well.

I have known that my heart was failing for the past few months. I knew it
when I had seen the boys last. I was hoping that I could get to know all of
you better, but life doesn't always go as planned. So, I have chosen to
trust the man that my grandsons describe as "the best man we know."

I need to confer a burden on you which they tell me you have already
accepted. That is to help guide my grandsons into men. Worthy men. Help
show them the path to building a business and getting them to be
responsible for it. I will be right beside you, helping you along. I set up
a trust for Deke and David and I'm asking that you run this trust for their
benefit. They don't know how much there is and I don't want you to tell
them until after they're 21 years old. Please promise me that. Of course, I
can't hold you to that even though I think I will know.

The Trust is established with $9,000,000 in it. It will earn interest. You
are required to invest it however you see fit as long as the investment
earns significant interest. Right now, it's earning 6% in the bank. I think
you can do better. Currently that is over $500 thousand dollars per
year. The Trust is set up for you to be paid $150 Thousand dollars per
year. Each of the Boys will receive $50 thousand dollars per year for
living expenses and a one-time $100 thousand to start up a business, though
I don't want them to know the amount immediately. Don't make them
rich. Make them able to run a business and support themselves.

When they turn 25 years of age, you can increase their annual stipend as
you see fit, based on their ability to handle money. But there needs to
remain $5 million or greater in the trust account until they turn 50 or you
turn 60 years of age whichever comes first (I don't know how old you are),
at which point the remainder of the trust will be disbursed, 33% to each of
you, including yourself provided that there are sufficient cash funds of
over $2,000,000. You are to name a successor Trustee within one year, in
case you don't wish to continue or your death.

My Attorney knows to contact you with the details of the bank account,
which is witnessed and notarized. The name of the Trust Account is the Deke
and David Fuller Irrevocable Trust. By the way, My House and my car are in
the trust. You can sell them if the boys don't want them.

As for me, I don't want a funeral other than the boys saying a prayer when
they bury me. My attorney has the details and he will contact you. The rest
of my family should not be informed.

You must never speak of these details with Deke and David's family. They
are rotten to the core and they will try to take everything they possibly
can, though they won't be able to, but they'd still be a pain in the
neck. The Trust specifically excludes everyone other than Deke & David
Fuller... and you. You and your friends are their family now.

I wish you a long and happy life, and great success. Please let Deke and
David know how much I have loved them.

Yours very truly,

Margaret H. Fuller


Tom, holding the letter in his hands, was tearing up by the time he
finished reading Margaret's letter. "Wow, your grandmother sure did love
you... Do you guys know who is her attorney?

Deke said, "Oh yea. Here's his card." Tom read it and put it in his
wallet. "I'm glad I asked."

"Well, what does it say?" Kevin asks.

All three of the boys are waiting with angst on their faces. "It says that
she wants me to take care of them... and I will.

"Guys. Your gran says you can keep this house if you want it. And the car
is yours too." Tom tells the twins.

"We for sure want the car." Deke says.

"I think we should think about the house before we decide." David tells
Deke.

"Yeah, we should think about it." Deke says.

"Do you have all of Gran's keys? Have you eaten anything today?"

"No, we didn't eat." David says.

"I think we should get some food in you. Let's drive to a breakfast place
and we'll figure out what to do next.

"Okay," say all three boys. When they pull up to the Pancake House to get
some breakfast, Tom tells them that he'll join them in a moment. He just
needs to talk to Anton for a minute.

"Anton, don't give up on the house. Does income count in purchasing a
house?"

"Of Course." Anton tells him. But you don't make enough and you haven't had
your current position for long enough to count."

"It'll be okay. Let me talk with Tyrone, please."

Tyrone gets on the phone. "Good morning... I thought I should let you know
that Kevin and I are with Deke and David. I'm taking them to a restaurant
to get some food in them. I don't know exactly what our schedule is, but I
think we'll be back up in a few hours. I'll come by to fill you in... Okay,
good, thanks."

Then Tom shoots a quick text to Zelsky... "Kevin and I are with Deke &
David. Probably be home in a few hours. See you soon." Tom realizes that
Zelsky needs to be part of all of this.

By the time Tom walks into the restaurant and finds the table, Kevin has
ordered a couple of pancakes for himself and another order for Tom. Deke
and David are having eggs and sausage links. "Good choice," Tom tells them.

"So, guys, I need to understand something. Did your Gran tell you anything
about her plans?" Tom asks.

"You mean about a funeral?" Deke asks...

"Sure, that's part of it. But I really want to understand if she's given
you any directions... like for your future." Tom asks.

"Some. She said she was really happy that we got away from our Dad." David
shares. "She wants us to have good friends and productive people around
us. We don't really have any other friends. She said we should surround
ourselves with upstanding men. We told her about you and Kevin and Tyrone
and our friends in the Army. That's all we know."

Deke adds, "She said to listen to what you tell us. That's about it. She
was getting pretty sleepy. She said she wanted to tell us how much she
loved us. And then she hugged us. A few minutes later she was done."

"Do you mean she died?" Tom trying to follow.

"Yes, but we didn't know it until a few minutes later. So, we called the
ambulance. The guy said she had died and then they took her."

"I'm sorry, guys..." Tom tells them. "Do you guys want to get back to the
House with us? We have 3 cars we probably should talk about. We need to get
Tyrone's car back to him."

"And your grandma's car... "Kevin adds.

"And the Motor Pool car. " Tom smiles at Kevin.

"Do you need to go through stuff at Gran's house before you leave? You can
come back to look through it in a day or two. But let me ask you
something... Is there anything like files in your Gran's house that you
should take with you? I would suggest that you take them now in case
they're important. If you have any questions about any of it... take it
now. We can store it somewhere in case it's needed later."

"Yeah, she has a plastic file thing. We should take that." Deke announces.

"What about your clothes" Kevin asks.

"We didn't really live here very long. We only stayed with her for 2 weeks
before we went to meet you in San Francisco." David responds. "Most of our
clothes are at our Dad's house and he probably threw them away."

"That's awful." Tom says. "What clothes have you been wearing?"

"Well, that's kind of why we're naked all the time at the house. We grew
out of most of the clothes we have. Our clothes have to be washed all the
time. We only have one pair of jeans each that fit us. We were so relieved
when you guys let us use your washer and dryer. I hope that's okay." Deke
tells Tom and Kevin.

"Guy's, we'll get you some more clothes this week, okay?" Tom tells them.

The twins looked at each other as if their prayers had been answered. David
says, "We don't want to be a problem."

"It's not a problem to have friends like you. We love you. Let's finish
breakfast and go back to the house. And then we'll figure out who can drive
which car back to the Army base." Tom says as he asks for the check.

David and Deke smiled for the first time since Tom and Kevin arrived. They
were relieved to know they could go back home and kind of have a regular
daily life.  "Thank you for coming to get us." Deke said.  "Thank you,"
David added. "We knew you'd know what to do."

Tom drove Tyrone's car. Kevin drove the Motor Pool car and Deke and David
drove Gran's car. "First stop is the Gas Station and we'll fill up all
three cars before we hit the road. They all drove into the gates of the
Army base by 1400 hours.  All 3 cars parked in the nearest parking spaces
to the front door of the House. When everyone exited the cars, Tom said "We
should probably go say hi to Tyrone and Anton...." All four guys hopped
into Tyrone's car and they drove up to the Sergeant's office.

Anton, sitting at this desk got up and went over to the twins and put his
arms around them. "Hey guys... I'm so sorry to hear about your Gran. I'm
glad I had a chance to meet her. You guy's okay?"

The Boys stunned Anton when Deke and David put their arms around his waist
and hugged him for several seconds. "Thanks Anton. You were our first
friend." Deke stated.

"You mean here or San Francisco?" Anton quizzed them both.

"No... our first friend ever. We weren't allowed to have friends when we
lived at home." David tells Anton. "We only had each other... and then
Gran, but she wasn't like a friend. She was our family." Of course, this
stunned Anton but Tom and Kevin were also learning this for the first
time. Anton swallowed hard trying to take it all in.

"And then we met Kevin who was like our older brother and started to teach
us stuff." David looks at Kevin.

"I hope I didn't teach you too fast," Kevin said, questioning his own
aggressive behaviors.

"No, you didn't. We wanted to know everything. We still do. We asked you to
teach us, remember? Deke said.  Kevin just nodded and smiled feeling
defended by his `little brothers.'

"Can we go see Sergeant Brown now?" David asks

Anton on the intercom to Tyrone: "The twins are here to see you."

Tyrone comes to the door to open it and invite them in. "Hey guys. How are
you doing?" Deke and David put their arms around Tyrone too. "Are you guys
glad to be back?"

"Oh, yes, Sir. It feels so good. Tom and Kevin came to get us. You guys are
the only friends we have really. Our family wouldn't even do that. Tyrone,
we know that you helped us when we were in San Francisco. Thank you." Deke
says.

"We didn't know how much you did for us until our Gran asked about you. She
told us that you had been our savior. We didn't know that until she told
us." David said. "We told her that you were getting a promotion and she
said that she was honored to have met you." One could see Tyrone's eyes
tear up, almost breaking into sobbing. But he didn't.

"Thank you for telling me that. I'm so glad that you're here with us
now. I'm sorry that I'm leaving but I think I'll be back and we'll still
stay in touch. But I know that Tom is going to watch out for you. Okay? And
Kevin and Anton will be too. By the way, I'll probably be leaving in eight
days," Tyrone says, looking up to Tom and Kevin.

"They're going to head back down to the House now... I'm going to stick
around for a few minutes. Here's the keys to your car, Tyrone. It's parked
right in front. I filled the tank. Anton... I want you to join us. This
will be brief." Tom says.

"I was stunned by what the boys had to say. I never dreamed that they
didn't have friends." Anton observed.

"Yeah. I was just blown away too. You're gonna have to keep me up to date
on their progress." Tyrone tells Tom.

"I will. But what I have to say is this: I want to move forward on your
house deal. I don't think I can get a bank loan within 8 days, so I want to
ask if you'll carry me for a month or two, I'd sign a note and pay you rent
and interest. Deke and David's Gran asked that I be the trustee for the
trust she put together for them and she set it up to pay me a little to
oversee the trust, so I will be able to purchase the house." Tom tells
them.

"How big is the trust?" Tyrone asks.

"This is where it becomes difficult. I'm not allowed to share that. She
wants me to get them set up to have a business, which is exactly what we've
been discussing for them... but the Trust is significant. Their Grandmother
also left her house and her car in the trust, for them to have. I have to
help them with that. But they're going to live with me no matter where,
which I promised them before their Grandmother died.

"Look, Tom, I'm willing to do this but I think I need some particulars."
Tyrone states.

"Okay, look, I will establish a banking relationship with the assets of the
trust. The bank will give me a loan and I'll easily pay it off in three or
four years. It's more than my miliary salary, which I can live on. But I
can't take principal out of the trust except that which I'll be paid. If
the boys get into a lucrative business, they can pay me rent if they
want. But all of this has to be above board. And I can't share the details
unless the attorney for the Trust tells me it's okay at some point. But
Kevin and Zelsky don't know this and I can only tell you two what I've
already told you. And if you're not comfortable with that, I'll have to
understand." Tom tells Tyrone. "But I can't tell the boys that anything has
changed. And, frankly, I'm not changing my plans either. I'm just
discussing how I plan to facilitate the plans we've talked about." Tom
stands up and says, "maybe we can chat this afternoon after you've had a
chance to think about it."

"Call me in a bit, Anton..." Tom tells him.

As Tom walks down to the House, he texts Zelsky. "I'll be at the House in
10 mins. Can you meet me there? TL"

Tom then texts Sean Covin in the Motor Pool: "HRY? I can return the
car. Tell me How & When. TL"

As he Buzzes himself in the door of the HOUSE, Kevin and the Boys are in
the Kitchen, getting a protein bar and cleaning up the coffee mess from
this morning.

"Is there any coffee in there?" Tom asks Kevin.

"Yes, but it might not taste too good. I'll heat it up in the microwave."
Kevin responds.

"Kevin... come join me and Zelsky in the Family Room."

Kevin arrives with Tom's requested coffee... Where's Zelsky? At that moment
Zelsky walks in wearing his gym workout garb. "Hey Alex... "

"Hi Kevin... hey Tom. What happened? Bring me up to speed." Zelsky says

"The boys are in the Kitchen so I need to keep it quiet... We drove out to
get them. They were alone. We talked, we took them to breakfast. Do you
remember when I told the boys that I'd help them...

"Yes...." Zelsky recalls.

"Well, they told their Grandmother about it. Turns out she had formed a
Trust, which they don't yet know about, and nobody should know about,
okay. I don't want you to mention this. She named me the Trustee simply
because the twins trust me and I'd already made the commitment to them. So,
tag, I'm it. "

"That's kind of wild." Zelsky says.

Deke and David pop into the Family Room to tell Kevin that they're done and
will be back later... Tom says, "Wait... we're going to go up to the PX and
get you some clothes in like 10 minutes so come back then... "The boys
agree and walk up to their apartment.

"So, what does that mean?" Kevin asks.

"It means that Gran put me in charge of their Trust. It means that I'm
going to be able to financially take care of them." Tom explains. "But I'm
not allowed to tell them anything until after they turn 21. So, I can't say
anything about it and neither can you. BUT it also means that I'll be able
to afford to buy Tyrone's house... but this is all very soon. The old gal
hasn't even been buried yet and I need to meet with her attorney. I will
likely speak with him today."

"Wow, that's a lot." Alex says in his soft baritone voice. "Are the boys
okay?"

"Yeah... a few minutes ago Deke and David walked up to Anton and hugged him
and told him that he was their first friend... ever. I almost lost it. I
actually hadn't realized what an enormous impact Anton and Kevin had on
their lives." Turning to Kevin..." I sure am glad you didn't just dismiss
them like might have happened. They needed your attention and you came
through for them. You must have sensed their need."

"I guess. I think I responded to how cute they were and how innocent."
Kevin recalls.

"Whatever, you paid attention when they needed it." Tom said.

Alex adds: "sounds kind of what you did with me, Tom."

"Kinda sounds like what both of you did with me too." Kevin expresses his
appreciation.

"I love you guys." Tom said to his two kinky boyfriends." The three men
hugging for several seconds before their grip loosened.

"I'm gonna take the boys up to buy some clothes at the PX." Tom announces.
"Kevin, were you aware that the twins only have 1 pair of jeans each. They
just keep washing them. It must be why they never have anything to move."

"Can we go get some pizza for dinner after that?" Kevin asks.

"Yes. Alex... would you ask Tyrone and Anton if they'd like to join us for
some early pizza? We could be ready to leave in an hour."

"Hey guys," Tom shouts. "Let's go shopping."


... Look forward to hearing from you. Next chapter in a while.'
What do you want to tell me?  SgtEvans44@gmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 6)

Date: Mon, 9 Feb 2026 13:50:40 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 54

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private. This is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you
aren't interested in this subject, or this is illegal where you live,
please stop reading. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/
and all the great works they archive. Nifty carries the costs of keeping
all of these great stories available for you to read. If you're here,
enjoying the stories on Nifty, then you are likely benefitting from the
existence of this great site. Please support Nifty.org. Take a moment to
click on the link above and make any donation that you can afford. Thank
you.

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you're thinking.


New Orders 54


Day 43.     0500.    (1/23)


After a good night's sleep in too small of a bed, Sergeant Lansford,
Private Jones and Master Sergeant Zelsky have to sleep in a tangled knot
for all three men to sleep in a Queen-sized bed. Zelsky has his own room,
though seldom occupied, he keeps his clothes and computer in the
room. Sergeant Tom Lansford started sleeping with Kevin Jones several weeks
ago because they wanted to sleep together. Zelsky sleeps with them so that
he doesn't miss out on any of the hyper-kinky fun. The three men are a
mutual admiration group. With increasing frequency, the men are observed
together.

Their morning ritual starts with coffee. Deke and David, known around the
House as "the Twins," prepare the coffee the night before. The first one of
the inhabitants of Apartment 14 to wake up first usually makes the trek to
the Kitchen. But this morning all three men woke up with boners and nobody
wants to miss the fun that might ensue. Each of them, in their morning
dopiness, discovering their own hardness and then feeling for the other two
men. Finally, Kevin announces that he'll go down to retrieve this morning's
caffeine, but tells them, "Save some for me. I'll only be a minute." Kevin
leans over the bed and gives an adoring kiss to each of his favorite
Sergeants.

The moment that Kevin leaves, Sergeant Alexander Zelsky pulls himself over
to face Sergeant Tom. "Good morning, Sir. What would you like me to do?"

"Kiss me." Alex pulls himself onto Tom's face and begins to very gently
kiss Tom, with big wet full lips. After a couple of moments, Tom tells Alex
to, "go down and slobber on my balls," Tom pulling himself up onto a couple
of pillows so he can watch Zelsky deliver this service. "I love watching
you suck on my balls." Alex, smiles and looks up... "Yes sir."

Three minutes later, Kevin the morning Coffee Collector returned to
Apartment 14 with 3 cups of coffee and milk... and Splenda, handing the
appropriate cup to Tom.

Private Kevin asks Sergeant Tom what he needs his boyfriend and
subordinate, what he needs to be done today?

"There are like seven things that required your attention today," Tom tells
Kevin, while Sergeant Zelsky continues to lick Tom's balls, "I need for you
to make sure that everyone that depends on the Twins for laundry service
knows that they're going to be away for a couple of days. You also need to
appoint someone to prepare coffee while they're away.  I need for you to
get Sean to the Tailor's today to get fitted. He can come with us if he
gets us a big enough vehicle and can get the time away from the Motor
Pool. Help me gather all of my bank stuff. I have to go talk to the
bank. Ask Anton if he knows a real estate agent. Let's start a list of guys
that want to attend Folsom Fair... We have to figure out men, clothes, cars
and hotel rooms. And what's it gonna cost approximately, per person. We
have to coordinate all of that with Anton because he organized it last
time. We have to drive over to Mr. Hoffman's. Maybe we should leave about
1330 hours to get lunch and pick up beer for tonight. That would make it
eight things."

Zelsky, who had graduated to sucking Tom's dick, stopped to join the
conversation. "I've been thinking about this San Francisco trip and I'm
thinking that I would not dig letting you go do that without me. So, count
me in." Does that sit well with you, Tom?"

"Jeez, Alex, I can't even imagine you asking me a question like that a
couple of weeks ago... of course you can go with us. I want you to go with
me. We'll be leather twins. You'll love it." Alex grimaces a bit in
reaction, but he knew that Tom was just teasing him.

"I wanna go for a run and workout right after breakfast. Want to come
with?" Kevin asked both Tom and Alex.

As Kevin considers the order of things, he decides to get dressed in
running shorts and shoes. "Wow, you're industrious this morning. I guess
I'll follow suit. Meet you in the kitchen." Tom tells Kevin.

"Do I have time to rub one out before the run?" Zelsky asks Tom.

"No, you'll have plenty of chance tonight at the party." Tom demonstrated
his dominance. "Yes Sir," was Zelsky's response.

Kevin gets down to the kitchen and starts to heat up the Pan and decides to
fry up some bacon and get out the toaster. Before too long Owen and Noah
show up hungry. And Anton shows up... all 3 naked. "Anton, I've got a bunch
of things to ask you about. Can we sit down over breakfast?" Kevin asks.

"Of course." Anton replies dryly.

"The biggest thing is getting a bunch of banking types of things together
for Tom so he can get a bank loan." Kevin Says. "But I think we need a
Realtor or someone to estimate the value of the place so Tom and Tyrone can
agree on a price and then go to the bank. I have no experience with
this... do you, Anton?'

"Not precisely this, but I do know that Tom is going to need some sort of
Financial Statement and a couple years of his tax returns. I had a friend
who tried to buy a house and couldn't pull it together. Tom's going to have
to tell us what he's got. And I'll find a realtor this morning after
0900... Let's get three local firms and maybe some of these real estate
magazines. When did you see one of those recently? But we can look online
too." Anton sat down ot Kevin's computer in his office and searched. Anton
starts looking for homes under $500K and found quite a few. "Do you know
Tyrone's address? Do they want to go through a realtor or an attorney?
Either way, he's gonna need an appraiser and an inspector so Tom can know
exactly what he's dealing with.

"Good idea, Anton. Let's ask him..." Kevin suggested. Both men had the same
thought: Breakfast first, Questions later in the morning.

Many of the guys showed up for breakfast as they came down to get their
coffee. All Naked. Coffee and Food is the priority. Getting dressed,
running and working out are all good, but the morning habit of coffee is
preeminent.  Typically, the twins came to the kitchen naked or with only
workout shorts and slightly tattered sports shoes. "Wow, you're
dressed... what's up?  Kevin asks, as he pours the eggs into the pan to
scramble.

"Yeah, we need to leave for a couple of days to go see our Gram. She called
and she isn't feeling good. We're gonna go bring her some chicken soup. But
we thought we were going to go tomorrow. So we have to go see if Sergeant
Brown will let us use his car." Deke tells Kevin.

"Let's get you some breakfast before you go. And we should tell Sergeant
Lansford too, since he's your boss now.

Kevin makes two plates with eggs and toast which they gobble down. Tom
walks into the dining room as Deke and David are finishing. "Look at you!
What are you guys up to?"

"We need to get Sergeant Brown's car if he'll let us borrow it. Gram asked
us to come visit her today." David says.

"Kevin... I'm going to get dressed and go up with these guys to Tyrone's
office. Can you make me some breakfast? I'll be right back down." Tom runs
up to Apartment 14 to finish putting some Army clothes on... and dashes
back down to consume some food.

After Dressing and eating... "let's walk up to the Sergeant's office." Tom
directs them. On the walk up to Tyrone's office, Tom quickly alerts Tyrone
that they're on the way up, via text message. "Do you have gas money... and
money for food?" He asks the boys. The two brothers report that they only
have $15 in their pockets. "Here's $200 for gas and food." The boys fein
that they don't want Tom's money. "Look, you guys, you don't really have a
choice. I don't want to have to drive to bring you a can of gas because you
ran out. You might need this. And if you don't you can bring it back to me,
okay?"

It's still early and Anton is not yet at his desk as the three men knock on
the inner door to announce themselves. "Have a seat men. What is going on
this early in the morning?" Tyrone greets them with a smile.

"Tyrone... "Deke tells the Sergeant, "Gram wants us to come see her
today. Is it okay if we borrow your car today? Sorry that we didn't give
you notice but we didn't know until this morning."

"Sure, but Tom... I haven't made arrangements for a car. Can somebody drive
me home tonight, or make some arrangement?" Tom assures Tyrone that he
will. "The cars only got about half a tank of gas."

"Tom gave us some money for gas. We'll be back in a couple of days. We'll
tell Tom or Kevin. when we know."

"Okay." Tyrone holds up the keys for Deke. "She's parked around the side of
the building. Bring her back in one piece, capish?"

" Yes Sir, thank you, Sir." the twins say in unison. Deke took the key and
they walked out as though on a mission.

"So, Tyrone, when we all go to San Francisco, I want to appoint Greg Miller
to be in charge. You see any problem with that? Tom asks Tyrone.

"I don't. I think it's great. I appreciative you telling me."

"Don't forget that we're having a little leather Assembly at the house this
evening. Should you find yourself with time on your hands." Tom invites
Tyrone again.

"If I were to do that you'd need to arrange a ride to my house to pick up
some leather gear and a room to stay in at the House, since I've just given
my car to the boys."

"I'll accommodate you in any way that I can, but I can probably get you a
car from the Motor Pool, though you might not be in any condition to drive
home this evening. It's possible that you will have been drinking beer."
Tyrone smiled broadly hearing Tom's admonition. "Will Private Miller be
coming?"

"I don't know. I'll find out...  Do you want to go through a realtor, or do
we want to have an attorney draw up an agreement to purchase your house?"
Tom asks.

"If we go through a realtor I have to pay a commission, and I'd have to
raise the price. Let's just get an attorney to draw up an agreement. It'll
save 6%. Do you have a price in mind yet? Seller Tyrone asks.

Buyer Tom says, "I don't. I was going to see if want to agree on a price or
find an appraiser to establish it?"

"You know, we still have to agree on the price. Do you have a number in
mind?" Tyrone asks.

"I looked through some real estate mags and saw that houses about 2.200 sq
feet are selling for $400 to $450K range. You want to split the difference
at say $425K?"

Tyrone swallows a little hard and says. "You drive a hard bargain, but I'll
agree to that. I still want you to do a walk through and get a report done
on the house. I want you to know exactly what you're getting. "

"Let's connect later in the morning. I still need to talk with a bank," Tom
tells him.

"Don't forget that there are some military programs that will fund loans. I
don't know the details, but I think it might be worth looking." The First
Sergeant tells Lansford.

Tom walks out of the office just as Anton walks in. "Good morning. I need
to ask you about your house purchase," Anton says.

"Okay, thanks. We just agreed to a price of $425..  I need to find an
attorney to draw up an agreement, and I think we should find some military
lending program." Tom tells Corporal William Anton.

"Well, this is taking shape quickly. Do you have an accountant or
something. You're probably going to need to put together a financial
statement... certainly the last 2 years of taxes." Anton asks trying to
start the process.

"Oh jeez. I got nothing. I don't own a house. I don't own a vehicle. I
don't have a 401K... I gotta get back down to the house. I'll look for some
bank account info. I'll call you in a bit... Hey, by the way...  I think
Kevin can do some of the hotel stuff but he's never done anything like this
so can you help him organize the SF trip? Do we need tickets or anything?

"I think we pay at the gate," Anton quickly interjects as Tom walks out
through the doors.

On the walk back to the House Tom texts Sean at the Motor Pool: "Can you
get a car for Sergeant Brown for the next 2 or 3 days staring this
afternoon?"

"Affirmative." Was Sean's immediate answer.

Text: "I'll have Anton send you time required."

"Thx" Sean replied.

Tom sends text to Anton: "Let Sean know what time Tyrone needs a car."

Tom looks for Kevin when he gets to the House remembering that he intended
to go for the morning run. 'Zelsky's not here either... they're probably
together' Tom thought. But he really feels the absence of his guys. He goes
off to look for the boys in the weight stack gym and to see if he can spot
them on their run around the track. He does spot them running together. One
very tall and the other one not so tall. Tom decided to go back inside the
House and cure his anxiety with another cup of coffee. He sat in the Family
Room to drink his coffee. He wanted to be sure to spot his side kicks when
they walked in.

"Hey guys," said Tom as they walked through the door," please come sit with
me for a moment. "I feel like I'm going in so many directions, I need to
sit with you and center myself. We sent the twins off with Tyrone's car and
it's kind of confused me... Tyrone is getting a vehicle from the Motor
Pool, but we are so dependent on Tyrone's car that when I thought about
going and visiting a lawyer or a bank or getting some beer for the party, I
think I need to get a car, probably a used one just so that we don't get
stranded. But, listen, I want to share my thoughts on Tyrone's house. We
agreed on a price of $425K. He suggested that I look into a Military
Loan. I want this house. But I want you guys to be there with me. And, I
should have asked you first, I asked the twins to make it their official
address so that they're not oddly finding themselves dependent on living in
Army Barracks. It's fine for them to work here, but I think they shouldn't
be totally immersed in it. I told them they could come and go
freely. They'll take care of the house as rent. They love the idea. So,
now... I want you both at the house too. You can come and go as
needed. We'll get a California King bed so we can all be comfortable. It'll
be our private space. I mean, we need to keep Apartment 14 because we'll
need that occasionally, but I want you with me.

"I'm honored, but I can't imagine it any other way. Thank you, though, for
asking." Sergeant Alexander Zelsky answered.

The eyes of both Sergeant's fell on Private Kevin Jones. "Of course. But
I'm in charge of the House. Don't I have to be there like all of the time"?
Kevin asks.

"It's like anything else. We'll appoint somebody to keep an eye out for
when you're away. I mean, you're going away to San Francisco for a few
days. And probably Greg Miller will be left in charge in your absence.
But, also, we can have guests. We're not leaving the House. Just going home
at the end of the day. I don't think it changes any of our friendships. But
maybe Anton can hook up the camera's so we can check in while we're away.

"Okay... I like that. I love that you're getting us a house." Kevin says as
he puts his left arm around Tom and throws himself enthusiastically into
both of the two Sergeants. "I can't wait."

"I think you're right about the twins. I think they're quite adept at all
that they've learned." Zelsky says, beginning to crack himself up as he
speaks. "These two have certainly learned all about gay sex thanks to you
Kevin. I hate to think what might have happened to them if you hadn't taken
them under your wing. I can't imagine them blossoming in a religious family
and becoming parents. It would have been so frustrating for them."

"They're good at everything they do. I think they would have been okay but
it's not what they wanted." Kevin recalls, "They were begging to learn how
to achieve sexual gratification. They knew what they needed. And I'm really
happy Tyrone let them come back with us. They could have gotten trapped in
a nightmare. And, Tom... thank you for helping them too. It's got to be a
scary time for them when they found out that Tyrone was leaving. That's why
I think it's so great that you invited them to live at Tyrone's house,
especially since they know the place."

"I think the house will always be called 'Tyrone's Place.' Tom grins,
joking, but realizing that it's probably true.

"It's three bedrooms, but two are small. Can we set up the garage as a
playroom?" Zelsky asks Tom. "I mean it'll still be a garage but we could
pull the cars outside occasionally and you could maybe get rough with me."

"Hmmm... I hadn't thought about that. It sounds like we could make movies
there," Tom says looking at the ground and shaking his head... and
laughing. "I was just thinking about it as a place for us."

"We don't have to share the movies that we make. We can just learn about
how to make movies. Maybe invite some friends over to watch."

"Well, right this moment I think we need to figure out a car to go visiting
Mr. Hoffman with... and pick up some beer... And Everything
else. Kevin. Help me organize all this." Tom asks.

"I'll just call Sean... see what he has to say" Tom shares with Kevin.

"Hey Sean. We have an excursion going to visit the tailor at 3. You're
going to need to be fitted for a dress uniform, so, I need to get a vehicle
big enough for 4, but 5 if you want to go with us. We're leaving for lunch
at 1330 hours. Yeah? Cool. You coming to the party? Yes, you can stay at
the house tonight. Probably a good idea since there will be beer
served. Okay... thanks."

"Kevin... I'm going to walk up to see Anton and tell him what I want for
the House, Okay? And I'm hoping that you're putting a list of all the guys
that want to attend Fulsome Fair. Six by my count but I might have missed a
couple. We need to remember to ask Deke and David when they get back. I'm
gonna go chat with Greg and see what he's up for. I'll text you when I get
up to Anton's desk. What apartment is Greg's?"

"Apartment 23" Kevin tells Tom.

Greg Miller is watching a morning News show on the local CBS
affiliate. "Hey, Greg, Sorry to interrupt. I need to ask you a couple of
things. The First is: Would you like to go to Folsom Fair with us?" Greg
looks very surprised. "And if you don't, would you look after the House?
And there's no requirement that you have to do either. I just wanted to
include you if you're into it? In fact, you and I haven't really had this
conversation, other than Kevin's Birthday Party, where you were wearing a
leather harness, I'm not sure what you're into. But we're gonna have a
party this evening that you probably already know about." Tom says.

"No, I don't. I think I'd love to attend tonight. Thanks." Greg says.

"Pizza, Chicken and beer tonight. I think around 1700 hours. I'm glad
you're into it."

"Not sure if I'm into it. I haven't been into much lately and I think that
I'm kind of hands off because I like Tyrone. But I know he's leaving so I
gotta get back into it, you know. "

"Do you have any leathers for the party?"

"Everybody has a harness and boots, don't they?" Greg smiles up to Tom.

"Will you think about Folsom? We need to book rooms soon." Tom informs him.

Tom makes his way down to find Kevin... stopping by the Kitchen to see if
the Kitchen is a wreck after Breakfast and is surprised to find it's
not. Kevin apparently did a good job cleaning up, since the boys are away
for a few days.

"Hey, thanks for cleaning up the Kitchen," Tom says to Kevin...

"I didn't.  Noah cleaned up." Kevin tells Tom. Tom registers that
information. "Let Noah know that 'm looking for him."

Tom walks around the corner and grabs a protein bar out of the
Coffee/Nutrition Bar and walks back into Kevin's office.... "Hey, I've been
thinking and I believe that the two most likely places my banking files
might be is in my old desk, which is now Anton's or in a box at my old
apartment, which I think I'm still sharing with that guy, Ben. So, I'll
have to call him. I haven't spoken to him in a while. I'm going to walk up
and see Anton. This walk is like a quarter of a mile each way. It sure does
force me to get my steps in."

"Just the man I came to see," Sergeant Lansford tells Corporal Anton. "Have
you, by any chance, seen a folder of my tax returns and Bank files? I think
I left them in the filing cabinet behind your desk."

"Well, that will answer that part of the riddle. I just thought that LOCKED
cabinet was Tyrone's old stuff and I left it alone. I haven't found a key
for it, so I don't know what's inside." Anton explains.

"Can you get up for a second? I need to sit at the desk." Tom says.

"Sure," Anton hops up from his chair.

Tom sits down and lets the muscle memory in his fingers feel around under
the top drawer and the top right drawer. Tom feels under the drawers and
under the desk top, pretty certain that a small key with an attached tag is
taped or stuck to the under surface like a booger on a school desk. After a
couple of minutes, he graduates down to the next right side drawer... his
fingers feeling around for the little thing that will spring the memory of
where he placed the key. Still nothing. When he got to the bottom drawer
there were some file, which Tom lifted out. The little key was sitting on
the bottom in the far back, where it fell. "Found it." Tom tells Anton, to
whom he hands the key.

Anton opens to 2-file drawer cabinet with the key and goes straight to the
needed financial files. "Do you mind if I look through your personal
information?" Anton asks

"Um... I'm pretty sure that you've already seen absolutely every private
crevice that I have. I can't imagine my relatively small financial stuff
would be shocking to your system. And in any case, I need to be able to
trust you completely. Do you think you will be able to create a financial
statement from what's in this file?" Tom queries.

"Yeah... I'll find a form for a financial statement on an Excel site and
then I can create a duplication using your numbers. But I'm not gonna swear
it will do the trick that you're looking for." Anton notes. "I'll text you
when I have something to look at."

"Thank you so much," Tom said with a smile on his face. "Hey, by the way,
you coming tonight? I was thinking we might want to use the video system to
record the party... Hey, speaking of that... find out if there's a way to
use the video system to view remotely... "

"Pretty sure we can. Might have to rewire the system though, but I'll find
out." Anton informs Tom as he heads for the front doors.

"Chicken and Pizza at 1700 hours. I'm on my way to the Tailors with Kevin
and Zelsky." Tom reminds Anton as he leaves the building.

"Where's Private West?" Tom asks Kevin first thing after he returns to the
House.

"Who's that?" Kevin asks.

"Owen... How do you not know that?" Tom smirks at Kevin. "Perhaps you
should have a Roster of our men mounted on the wall so you can study their
names." Kevin thinks he knows that Tom is teasing him... maybe. But it hits
him that Tom is correct that he should be familiar with all of his charges.

"I want to make sure that Owen knows that we're leaving early."

"Do you want me to go check for him in the weight stack gym?" Kevin offers.

Tom: "No, I'll go. But, have you figured out how many guys are going to SF?
We've got to get this organized. By the way, I asked Greg Miller if he
wants to go or stay ... and he's thinking about it... and he's coming to
the party!"

"Oh, very cool..." Kevin thinks out loud.

"I'll find Owen?" Tom tells Kevin. Tom walk a couple hundred paces over to
the gym.

He finds Owen doing arms with dumbbells. "Looking good there!" He tells
Owen.

"Just working to look good for tonight." Owen says with a big grin.

"Do you have any leathers? Tom asks him.

"I've always thought it was very sexy. I can't wait to go to the
Tailors. It's supposed to be ready this afternoon."

"Yes, I'm excited too. Sounds like we're likely to be getting the same set
of garments." Tom tells Owen. "But I came by to make sure you knew that
we're going to leave early and grab some lunch. Like at 1330... in like 20
minutes, Plenty of time for a shower.

"Okay... I'm almost done." Owen agrees.

Tom walks back to the House to get organized. He texts Devin. "Party at
5pm. I'll leave your name at the gate. I'll get the beer." Devin texts back
with a thumb's up emoji.

Tam walks into Kevin's office. "Would you please make a quick list of
things that we need for tonight so that we can pick it up when I go to buy
the beer. Also, have you seen Noah?"

"I think he's in the House gym." Kevin tells him. The gym is like only 20
steps away.

"Hey Noah. Getting in shape for tonight?" Tom asks. Noah grunts in the
affirmative. "I saw that you cleaned up the Kitchen. Thanks for doing
that. Did Deke or David ask you to do that?"

"Not exactly. They asked me to talk to Kevin about it and I thought that I
would just do it instead. They're always so nice to me so I thought I'd
return the favor." Noah explained.

"What do they do for you? Do they perform tasks for you?" Tom asks.

"Yeah, they do my laundry every couple of days." Noah tells Tom.

"Do you pay them?"

"No, it's crazy. They kind of pay me by doing my laundry and vacuuming my
room." Noah tells Tom.

"I guess I don't follow. Pay you for what?"

"They love to service me... sexually... They love my 9 1/2-inch cock.  They
show up pretty early pretty much every morning in my apartment and they
just crawl in bed, even when I'm not awake, and one starts sucking my cock
and other one licks my balls. I'm not even sure which one is sucking on
me. And if I'm sleeping on my stomach, they'll start licking my ass. And
it's awesome. And when I cum they take it and share it. Sometimes I ask
them to cuddle with me, which we all like. But sometimes... usually, they
tell me `thank you sir.' And they tell me that they love being my slaves."
Noah shares the details with Tom.

"What time of the morning does this little ritual occur?"

"Almost always it's just after 0330. They come in naked and they've both
got boners, but they never touch their own. Sometime Dave will suck Deke's
cock, or the other way around, if I tell them to. I don't think they'd do
that if I didn't tell them to." Noah speculates.

"Ya know, Noah, this might be an odd comment, but I think, it's kind of
good that they have us. Imagine how fucked up their lives might be if they
didn't have us. I mean, I hope they're happy." Tom shares. "They should be
back in a day or two."

"I think it's wonderful too. But I sure wish that just once some Dom would
come in my room at 0400 and stick his dick in my mouth. I'd love that."

Tom walks out of the gym just as Owen starts his shower. Tom and Owen
exchange admiring smiles as Tom heads for the Family Room. He sits down to
text Zelsky: "where are you? We're gonna leaving in a few mins. I'm in the
Family room."

About two minutes later Zelsky shows up. A little bit sullen. "What's up?"
Asks Tom. "I haven't seen you all day. What have you been up to?"

"I haven't felt needed. So I was just staying out of your way."

"WHAT?" Why would you stay out of my way?" Tom asks Zelsky.

"You involved everyone else in the purchase of Tyrone's house, in the
Twins, in the Car thing, in the bank thing. I could have helped you at
every step of the day. I'm probably the most experienced guy in every
instance along the way, yet you just blew me off." Zelsky tells Tom. Tom is
stunned.

"I just figured you were busy. How is your eluding me all day equate to me
blowing you off?" Tom asks sternly. You're right, I could have used your
brainpower more than a couple of times today. I'm sure I could have used
your help. Can I ask why you were hiding out from me? Did I do something?"
Sergeant Lansford inquires.

"Well. Yeah... this house deal is all about you. You Never asked me to be
involved." Zelsky alleges.

"Yes I did," Tom sits forward and glares right into Zelsky's eyes. "I asked
you to come live with me. And Kevin... I can't presume that you want to buy
a house with me anymore than I can predict where you'll be in two
months. That isn't my fault, Alex.... Are you telling me that you want that
kind of commitment between us?" Lansford asks. "Because there's a much
better way to communicate that... if that's even what you're saying."

"Yeah... I guess that is what I'm saying. And, you're right. I didn't
communicate that very well. It took you asking me that question just for me
to face that this is what I'm actually feeling." Sergeant Alexander Zelsky
timidly faces his feelings.

"One more thing I'm feeling compelled to share. You're choosing to drop
this on me just as we are getting ready to go pick up some very sexy, over
the top, kinky leather outfits to wear to an orgy tonight and then take to
a kink celebration in San Francisco in two weeks. Do you see the conflict
of those two categories of connections?" Tom questions. "If you think about
it, you might understand why I could be a little confused."

Yeah. I didn't really mean to do that, Tom. My problem is, I think, that
I'm emotionally threatened that you don't need me. I want to be with you. I
want to do all of these things. I only want to do them with you. I need for
you to need me, Tom... can we just leave it at that right now? I'm kind of
embarrassed. I hadn't thought this through. Let's just move on... please?"
Alex begs.

"Yes, we can. But don't do that to me again, Okay?" Tom firmly tells
him. Alex nods. "If we need to talk about something, fine, but don't assume
that you understand everything until we can fully discuss it... but one
more thing... tonight. Will you be able to watch me and Kevin playing with
some other guys or is that going to make you crazy?"

"I think that as long as I know you need me, I'll be fine. Alex says.

"Well, then keep it in your brain: I've never said anything that would make
you think I don't want you or need you...got it?" Tom reminds Alex.

`Okay." Alex commits.

Sean pulls up to the House in the Van. Owen, Kevin, Zelsky and Tom get
in. "Lunch first. What do we want to eat?" Tom asks.

"You know that big mall with the movie theatres in Provo? There is a
multi-kitchen food pavilion there. There's a whole bunch of different
things to choose from." Sean shares. Everyone agreed that this sounds
great. Sean knows all of the entrances and drives to the quickest access to
the food court. The guys are excited. Kevin hasn't ever seen one. Tom is in
unfamiliar territory and just acts cool. Owen and Sean are most familiar
with this kind of place. "Sean tells the men to find a place to sit so they
can return after they order.

Kevin and Zelsky both order from the Cajun Kitchen. Owen orders Vegetarian,
Sean orders a salad and Tom predictably orders a cheese burger and fries.
They eat rather quickly, it is after all `fast food' and they realize that
they have about 30 minutes to kill before they have to drive to the
tailor's place. Mostly they just window shop together, but Kevin and Sean
find a hat shop where they can buy a baseball cap. Neither of these boys
are fans of a particular team so they just buy the one that fits their head
best. Sean winds up with a California Angels cap and Kevin gets a New York
Yankees hat, which everyone feels compelled to tease him about.

"Kevin, do you know how to find Mr. Hoffman's house?" Tom asks on the way
to the parked van.

"Yeah, but I'm gonna use a GPS just to make sure we stay on course," says
Kevin. And, Sean feels much better about handing over the keys having heard
that.

"Sean... do we know yet who's gonna replace you as far as being our contact
in the Motor Pool?" Tom asks.

"I don't. They might change the way we ask for vehicles... I've heard,"
Sean shares.

As they pull up in front of Mr. Hoffman's place they realize that they're
11 minutes early. Kevin phones Mr. Hoffman from the car. And
explains. "Yes, come in, come in. Of course." Mr. Hoffman is always direct
and accommodating. He meets them at his front door. Sean, who hasn't been
here previously, is a little surprised to be standing in Mr. Hoffman's
living room. "Please follow me to the shop in the back of the house. Would
any of you like a bottle of water?" Mr. Hoffman says, "I see that you have
brought along a new customer."

"Yes, Mr. Hoffman," Kevin begins. "This is Private Sean Covin. He will be
joining our unit and is going to need to be measured up for a new dress
uniform."

"Excellent. So..." Mr. Hoffman asks in an effort to be discreet, "shall I
proceed to show you your orders or shall I start with Private Covin?"

"Oh, sorry, Mr. Hoffman," Tom proceeds. "Private Covin can see our
orders. There's nothing to hide."

"Very good Sir. Thank you, Sir." Mr. Hoffman has all the orders ready,
protected from sight by layers of sheets. The orders are prepared, one
customer at a time, so the order can be tried on and any adjustments made,
one man at a time. "Sergeant Lansford, would you please take off all of
your clothes. We need to try these on..."

Tom slipped out of his boots and Kakis, shirt first and then pants. He
slipped off his underpants and stood proudly in front of all the clothed
men. "Let's try these shorts first." Hoffman says, handing him his newly
made leather shorts. "Please turn around, I need to see them on you. Yes!
Perfect. How do they feel?'  "Quite snug. Do I need a belt?" Tom
asks.

"I wear mine with a belt. I think it looks good that way. I got mine at the
PX... I can't wait to see you with the harness on you." Kevin comments.

Mr. Hoffman presents the bulldog harness for Tom by lifting it over Tom's
head and pulling it down over his shoulders. Mr. Hoffman always brushes up
over a nipples or biceps or something. "How does that feel?"

"Fantastic" Tom answers. "What do you think, Alex?"

"Very fucking sexy." Zelsky responds. "But those new boots are going to be
required, I think."

"So, Tom, please take off your shorts. Leave the harness on... here, try
these on," as Hoffman hands Tom a pair of chaps. "Snap these at the waist
first and I will show you how to zip up the legs." Tom tries them
on. Hoffman zips up the zippers on the outer legs. "Please turn around. You
see Private Jones; these chaps show his ass perfectly. Yours will be the
same."

"You were going to make an arm band for him, correct?" Kevin asks.

Yes, I made them for each of you.

"Do you love the leathers, Tom?" Kevin asks.

"Oh Yeah. I love them." Tom says as he turns to view his butt in the
mirror. He can't help but to jack his dick a few times to fluff it up.

"Sergeant Zelsky, your turn." Hoffman says as he peels off the next set of
sheets. "Let's try these shorts on first." Zelsky's tool almost always
full, was a little more plump than typical. When Zelsky pulled the shorts
up his basket was bulging, but somehow it all fit inside of the shorts
Mr. Hoffman had made for it.

"Jeez, those are gorgeous on you Sergeant," Owen commented. "When we get to
San Francisco, I'm gonna follow you around."

"Why is that?" Zelsky questioned.

"Because, standing next to that display I won't even be noticed. I could
walk around naked and nobody would even see me." Owen joked. "And if I walk
behind you I get to look at your butt all day."

Kevin says to Zelsky, "I want to see those chaps on you."

Zelsky dropped the shorts and donned the chaps. "Here, let me help you with
the snaps," Kevin told him. Hoffman got down on his knees and zipped up the
two legs. Zelsky's cock was growing quickly as he saw himself in the
mirror. "Let's see your ass." Zelsky slowly turned around, displaying his
very full, very solid ass, and when he turned further, his big old dick
displayed for all of the men to see.

All of them quiet except for Tom. "That's is magnificent, Zelsky. Tom put
his right hand on Zelsky's cock and Tom stroked it as he pulled Zelsky's
face over toward him and kissed him using lots of tongue. Zelsky's cock got
even harder. Zelsky didn't even mind that Tom was embarrassing him like
this. Because it was Tom. If Tom hadn't been there, Zelsky would have been
mortified. Tom told Zelsky to go sit down in a chair...

Owen was next. He hadn't been measured but Mr. Hoffman retains all of the
measurements and Owen benefitted. All of Owen's leathers were perfect,
especially his ass in those chaps. Owen turned around for each of the
fittings. The men all oogled the new duds.

"These clothes look great on you, but you're going to need some new boots
for these leathers." Kevin tells him. Owen kept turning around in front of
the mirror to see how great his ass looked in his new chaps.

"You know how your ass looks so taught and cute right now in those chaps?"
Zelsky asks Owen.

"They do look pretty good, don't they?

"I think that you should consider the possibility that that ass might get
wrecked in those." Owen was shocked at Zelsky's threat, but pleased by the
prospect. Owen had serviced that big piece of meat on more than one
occasion. He knew exactly what it as capable of. "Yes Sir! Sergeant."

Kevin was a little shocked too. He had put this little excursion together
and was now feeling a little bit competitive. Zeksky is his. And yet, Kevin
has also playing around with Owen, even on camera, and Owen never became
possessive. Perhaps, if Kevin had a little talk with Zelsky he'd feel
better about it.

Sean Covin was a little bit shocked by the interaction of the boys. But he
was attracted to the leather outfits, he was wondering if he should order a
set of these leather clothes. "Mr. Hoffman, how much does it cost for a set
of these leather outfits, like if I want to purchase a set? 
"Okay, gentlemen. I can't afford to keep giving away these leather outfits
so I will charge you 130% of what the leather and materials costs me. So,
these shorts will cost you about $70 and the chaps will cost about $100 but
they would cost you much, much more in a store like in San Francisco. BUT
for a Uniform, the Army pays for this, correct? I will charge you full
price for those. $250. So, Private Covin, please take off your clothes." He
was surprised to be asked to do that. He wasn't ordering leather stuff,
just a dress uniform he tells Mr. Hoffman. "Yes, but you will. And I need
your perfect measurements even just for a uniform. Your package must be
presented perfectly to be in this unit, I'm certain that you know that."

"I didn't know that." He says looking at Sergeant Lansford.

"You've observed all of the men in our unit... in their most intimate
circumstances. They look perfect. They present perfect. You are perfect and
you wouldn't want to be the one standing out in a photograph of our men in
uniform when everyone else looks perfect. These men enjoy looking good. You
will realize that all the men present a perfect bulge. Mr. Hoffman does
that for everyone." Tom explains. "You'll get it when you see the group and
individual photos.

Mr. Hoffman has Sean stand on the measuring platform. Hoffman measures
Sean's inner thigh, his inseam, Waist, Chest. Shoulders, Biceps. Feet, and
penis size, being sure to brush up against Sean's nipples, and penis. Sean
was somewhat humiliated by all of this, plus standing in front of the group
naked, even though he'd just seen them do it. "This doesn't happen in the
Motor Pool."

"So, will you want to order any of the leather goods?" Mr. Hoffman asked.

"I want to get some of those sexy shorts if I can join you on the Folsom
Fair trip?" Sean asks Tom.

"You sure, there's a lot of nudity when we get there. And we stay in group
rooms? AND we need a large enough vehicle to make the trip with like 10
men. Can you find us one or two vehicles like that?

"I think I can." Sean, still the only guy in the room fully naked as he
tells Tom.

"Who's my volunteer today?" Hoffman asks the group. Everyone points to
Sean.

"What?" Sean says quizzically?

Kevin tells him. "The reason Mr. Hoffman gives us excellent pricing is that
one of us volunteers for him to suck off one of us . This time, it's you.

"But I'm not even horny." Sean says.

"It's okay, we'll help you. Owen, Kevin, Tom and Zelsky encircle Sean,
feeling his chest and arms. Owen begins kissing him, Zelsky slips a wet
finger in his crack, Kevin gets down on his knees and licks Sean's
balls. Sean's dick springs to life. The men know they have to support Sean
in this and they continue to feel and manipulate Sean's soft spots. Kevin
stood up and began to tongue Sean's ear. Mr. Hoffman got his prize in only
3 minutes.

Each of the men paid Mr. Hoffman. Sean ordered chaps and harness only. The
men gathered up their new goods and scooted back to the van. As Soon as
they drove away, Sean expressed his displeasure. "I can't fucking believe
that you made me do that."

Kevin told him that Anton was the last victim and the guys laughed.

Sean: "not that. I didn't jerk off for 3 days so that I'd be ready for the
party tonight. You guys made me blow."

"Can we make it up to you if we can make you blow again during the party?"
Tom asks.

"Definitely... but not too early in the party." Sean smiled. They all
chuckled. Kevin drove to the PX for Beer and Boots he said.

Zelsky said, "That's what we should call this party, "beer and boots." The
men were enthused.

As they pull up to the PX, Kevin reminds the men that "we don't have all
that much time. We can make it but the party starts in like 45 minutes...

"I'm really looking forward to playing with you guys tonight. I learned a
lot at the last party. I wish I had been able to get chaps or short in time
for the party."

"Dude," Kevin says..." we're about the same size. I'm gonna wear my chaps
tonight. You wanna wear my shorts tonight?"

"What if I get spooge on them?" Sean worries.

"They're leather. They wipe off." Kevin reminds him. "Let's go get you some
harness boots."

Inside the store... Tom remembers that they have to get a vehicle for
Tyrone. "Did you intend to give the Van to Tyrone tonight?

"No, I got him a small Toyota."

Several cases of beer were loaded into the van along with some cases of
water. Sean and Owen purchased boots.

The men rushed back to the House. Each carrying in three cases of beer to
the kitchen. "Time to get cleaned up." Kevin told Tom and Zelsky. The three
men heads for the showers.

"Hey Alex, Can I wash your crack?" Kevin requests.

"Yeah... it needs it." Zelsky replied.

"Thanks. I love cleaning you out. I want to be really thorough for
tonight. Get down on your knees." Private Jones directed Sergeant Zelsky.

Kevin brought one of the clean out hoses over to the kneeling large man's
butt. "Pull your glutes apart for me." Kevin inserted the lubed tip into
the big man's butt hole and released the mostly warm water into his rectum,
filling the dark cavern. "So, sit back on the drain for me and shoot it
out. This next time I'm going to increase the water pressure and get you
really clean." Zelsky got back up on his knees and let Kevin continue his
work. "Do you like me cleaning you out?"

"I actually do. It makes my butt feel minty fresh." Both men laughed.

After Zelsky expelled over the drain, Kevin told him to get back up on his
knees. He bent over and licked the Sergeant's butthole. "Yup... minty
fresh."

"You want me to do you?" Zelsky asks. "Absolutely." Kevin always loved when
either Tom or Zelsky manipulated his ass, especially when it happened in
front of the guys at the House. When the new recruit, Sean Covin, asked
Kevin why he liked having Zelsky clean him out, Kevin told him, "It's like
kissing. It feels so good to display that kind of care and affection in
front of my friends. And it lets them all know that I have a very intimate
relationship with my ambassadorial charge.

"I've never had anyone clean me out," Sean said.

"I'd be happy to help you out." Kevin tells him. "It's really good before a
party like tonight. You never know whose tongue might find its way into
your ass."

"My experience is kind of limited. So, thanks for explaining that. Will you
help me with that?" Sean asks

"You know I will..." Kevin tells Sean. "Are you thinking that we start
now?"

"Yeah. I think I should be cleaned out before I wear those leather
shorts. Have they ever gotten wet?" Sean asks.

"You can sniff the crotch when we get upstairs... and then you tell me."
Kevin tells him with a big grin.

When they are done cleaning Private Covin's ass, Kevin says, "Let's go get
you settled in your Apartment. "Follow me." Kevin and Sean get up to
Apartment 24, with Kevin stopping in Apartment 14 to grab his leather
shorts, and Sean's Kakis. Kevin says "welcome to your new home and pinches
Sean's perky left nipple as a welcoming gesture. That certainly got Sean's
attention and he grabbed Kevin's neck and pulled him in for a kiss. "Mm mm,
nice... you're a good kisser."

"Do you have a primary guy that you like to hang out with here at the
House?" Sean asks.

"Yes, mostly with Sergeant Lansford and Sergeant Zelsky."

"Oh! "Sean was surprised. "But I've seen you fuck around with a bunch of
guys... yeah, them too." Sean says.

"Well, look, the three of us are like family but nobody at the House is off
limits." Kevin begins to explain the dynamics at the House. "And Nobody is
allowed to say 'No''. We all need to be able to teach each other about sex
play... and how we interact with our Senior Clients. That way you'll get
better and more adept with your clients. Nobody is off limits here at the
House. But you can certainly spend time with guys that you have special
feelings for. You know, friends with benefits... Sometimes Tom and Zelsky
and I are having fun and one or two of the guys will just join in.

"But what if you don't like the guy?" Sean asks.

"Look, you're going to be assigned to be an ambassador to certain important
brass clients." Kevin explains. "Sometimes they're not especially sexy
guys, or they have bad breath... or whatever. You can't just walk away. So
you have to be able to deal with it. That's why we're never able to say
'No' here at the house.  It's a discipline. You just have to figure it
out. Most of the brass that we deal with are pretty sexual, so there's
something to connect with. It's usually fun, but you have to know how to
handle whatever, because you're going to be challenged at some point."

"I know that I'm going to love it. And, right now, I can't wait to wear
your shorts. They're so sexy.

"Try em on." Kevin tells Sean.

"Wow, they're really tight" as Sean pulls them over his large butt.

"They're supposed to be. I wear boots with them but it's totally okay to be
barefoot in the House. Do you like to get fucked?" Kevin poses. "There's a
zipper back here that is good advertising if you want it."

"I do like to get fucked, but it hasn't happened much since I've been in
the Motor Pool. I'm going to have to kind of get into the swing of things
again. Tonight, I'll figure it all out."

"So, let me play with this zipper in the back. I haven't been able to do
that because I'm always the one wearing them," Kevin tells Sean as he
pushes him forward, unzipping the rear access. Kevin spreads the zipper
open a bit and gets down on his knees, feeling Sean's ass crack with his
right hand, slightly spreading Sean's glutes. Kevin sticks his tongue in
Sean's hole. Sean jumps slightly. "Oh my God, Don't stop. That's awesome."

Kevin get's Sean's butthole all wet and then stands him up and grabs him by
his head. Kevin dramatically kisses Sean... big full on tongue. "Taste
that?" Kevin says.

"I don't taste anything."

"Exactly, That's what your ass tastes like. It's perfect." Kevin tells
Sean. "And it's why we clean out."

As Kevin grabs his towel and starts to walk back down to his apartment,
Kevin say, "Can I taste yours?"

"Sure, lay down on your back, I'll sit on your face." Sean gets down on the
ground quickly, Kevin positions himself over Sean's head and squats down,
separating his glutes with his hands for maximum goal. "Get your tongue in
there. All the way up. Yeahhhhhh. That's good. You like that?

"MMmmm huh." Sean grunted his affirmation.

"Everything taste good?" Kevin asked.

Sean pulls is tongue out to answer, "Tastes so good."

"Okay... good to know. I'm gonna go put on my chaps and boots and I'll see
you downstairs. Let's drink a couple of warm beers before dinner?" Kevin
tells him.

Sean: "Why warm beers?"

"Oh... because cold beers slow down your digestive tract. Warm beers flow
through you faster and then we can swap some used beer." Kevin grins.

"I learn something new every minute. See you downstairs." Sean follows him
onto the hallway. "Hey... do I need a belt with these shorts?"

"Either way," Kevin says, "they're not going to fall off you!

When Kevin enters Apartment 14 he finds 2 naked Sergeant
kissing. "Beautiful. I love seeing you together. We gonna all wear our
leathers?"

"I'm gonna wear Chaps, boots and Harness." Tom informs Kevin. "Alex is
going to wear the shorts, harness & Boots."

"You're both giving me a boner." Kevin tells them. He wasn't joking. "I'm
going to wear the same as you, Tom. Are you gonna hang out or wear a jock?
Sean is borrowing my shorts... I wonder what Owen is going to wear?"

"I'm gonna hang out. At Folsom I'll wear a jock." Tom attests.

Owen, gently knocks on the door of Apartment 14. "Anybody home? I was
wondering who was going to wear chaps. You guys look so good. God, the
leather Mr. Hoffman uses is so soft... and it looks so hot on your
bodies. And YOU Sergeant Zelsky... you look like the ultimate, super
masculine Leather Daddy Faggot. Your package is so fucking on display. I
love it. How do these same shorts look on me?" Owen asks. "Can't look that
good."

"No, they look great. They fit you exactly like they were designed for
you. And they were. I designed them and we're the same size, you're just
taller. "Kevin tells him.

"You sure do have a great eye, Kevin. The waistline is so low. It's like
your cock could pop out the top or the bottom." Owen comments. "Have you
ever had that happen?"

"I've only worn them at Dore Alley for a couple of days and they're here
for my Birthday party. Never had any accidents. But it will be interesting
to see what happens if Zelsky gets hard, and I know that he will." Kevin
attests.

"Shall we go down and get something to eat?" Tom suggests.

Sean grabs Kevin's leather clad butt and says "I wanna eat this," Looking
Sergeant Lansford directing in the eye... kind of to test him and kind of
to judge the level of openness.

"I hope there aren't any surprises," Tom says.

"We've cleaned each other out... twice." Sean says.

Tom looks at Alex and says, "well, that didn't take long." Smiling up at
Alec and kissing him on the lips. "Let's get some food."

Devin came through, delivering the food on time. He also brought some
French-Fried Potatoes. "It' a good think you have some left over plastic
forks and knives. You didn't get any new ones," Devin tells Tom. "By the
way, you look fantastic." Devin smiles evilly at Tom. "Where can I leave my
clothes?"

"Apartment 14 is on the second floor." Tom tells Devin.

Owen overhears the conversation. "Hey man... Owen. I have a less crowded
apartment. You can leave your clothes there if you want, and, if you got
drunk you wouldn't fit into their bed... too many bodies."

"So, you gonna fuck me?" Devin asks.

"I have no idea. You're incredibly sexy, but we're just about to get
involved in a sex orgy. I was just trying to be a nice guy and offer you a
place to change clothes... or sleep over. Maybe we can play at the party if
you want." Owen tells the 19-year old.

"Oh, I'm sorry, I'm really not very experienced. I just wanted to get to
know somebody rather than being alone all night." Devin explains.

"You won't be alone tonight, believe me. You are deliciously cute. Let me
ask you something... you know this is a pretty kinky group? Owen asks.

"Um, yeah. I've delivered here... and once to a private house. This is
probably a little more than I know how to navigate. I mean, what's
involved?

"Let's get you undressed. We'll have a snack of a plate that I'll get set
up. When you come back down, I'll be sitting over in the corner of that
table. Want a beer?" Owen begins to play host to Devin. "Apartment 20 is on
the third floor. The doors don't lock." Owen gets a couple beers for each
of them. He takes a plate full of pizza and chicken over to the dining
table. Devin comes bouncing back down that stair. Devin doesn't get nervous
until he hit the last flight of stairs dropping him close to the Dining
Room. "Hey Devin. Come sit." By the time Devin sits down naked, next to
Owen, Devin has achieved a nice floppy erection. Sensitive, but not yet
screaming. "Owen reaches over to Devin, offering the newbie a beer. Owen
puts his hand on Devin's neck and leans over and gives him a little peck on
the lips, and says, "Devin. You want to hang out with me for a while. I'll
introduce you to some guys. We can play together for a while if you'd
like. I know I would." Owen picks up a piece of pizza, tears off a bite for
himself and one for Devin. Then Owen reaches over to Devin's chest and rubs
across Devin's nipple with the back of his fingers, sending a chill through
Devins body. As Devin finishes chewing that bite of Pizza, Owen leans over
and gives Devin a much better kiss. Under the table Owen rubs Devin's thigh
with his right hand, moving on to see if Devin's cock had gotten any
harder. Owen wasn't surprised to find that his cock was now solid. "Is this
an emergency or can this last for a while?

"I don't know. I'm pretty excited. I feel like I could stay hard all
night." Devin says to Owen.

"At these parties it's an asset if you can cum again and again, but not
everybody can do that. Here, slide your ass forward on your chair." Owen
puts his right hand around Devin's rod and balls, gently stroking his cock
while he continues to eat and feed both of them with his left hand. Nobody
is paying attention at all because there are so many hot men closer to the
kitchen overflowing into the glass shower room, and even some into the
King-sized training bed. Owen pretends to be eating above the table and
feeling Devin's balls and taint with the tips of his fingers under the
table. Owen sweetly focusing on Devin's gaze, kissing him intermittently,
while continuing to advance his dancing finger below. Owens fingers finally
got all the way to Deigns partially accessible butthole, his eyes widening
as Owen stroked his hole with his middle finger, making it only a single
knuckle deep before Tom and Zelsky came over and sat across the table from
Owen.

"Are we intruding?" Tom asks, sitting at the table in his bare-ass chaps.

"Uh... no" Devin answered.

"Actually, I was just getting Devin prepped for what he should expect this
evening. He pulls his finger out of Devin's ass and sniffed it. "Actually,
Devin, I need to take you over the the showers. Come on. Good think you're
naked. Owen tells him as they get up to leave the table. Of course, Tom and
Zelsky don't care, but Devin is certain that he has every reason to be
embarrassed.

"Oh my god. Do Tom and that other guy know what you were doing?" Devin
asks.

"I don't know. But I can tell you absolutely that they don't care. We live
in a sexually active group of guys who play together all the time. I know
for a fact that they don't care... at all. Here, smell my finger." Devin
realizes that it smells pretty bad. "This is no more difficult than having
bad breath. You gargle, it's over. And every single guy here has to deal
with that EVERY Day! So, I'm gonna clean you out, and then you really will
be ready for the night, okay?

Okay. What other things are going to happen" Devin wants to know.

"Well, if you really want to get into the thick of it, then you're going to
drink a couple warm beers and then you're gonna piss on me. Okay? Can you
handle that?

"I think so."

A few moments later both Devin and Owen are sharing a couple of warm
beers. At a point, Devin achieves a full bladder and tells Owen. "Wow,,
you're right about warm piss. It really goes though ya fast. I have to
pee."

"Good, come with me." Owen guides Devin to the bench in the shower room and
kneels down in front of him.

"Arren't you going to take off those leather shorts?"

"Nope." Owen responds.

"They won't get too wet?" Devin asks as his piss starts to flow onto Owen's
chest.

"No... I'm gonna drink most of it.... Ummm so good. Your piss tastes so
good." Owen tells Devin.

"It does?

"Yes, it does." Owen drinks it all, saving a lot in his mouth. Stands up
and kisses Devin, flooding his mouth with his own urine.

"Oh god... is that my piss? Devin is horrified and, yet slowly realizes how
good it tastes and starts to grin at Owen.

"It'll just get better and better." Owen explains. "But this is kind of the
group sport, I mean, there's a lot of sucking and fucking but now you don't
have to go sit in a corner alone. And you can hang with me or go off with
any of these guys and you'll stay busy."

"Is this it?? Is this all you guys do?" Devin asks.

"Hell no. We get nasty in lots of ways... You had fun with Tom the last
time you were here.

"Yeah, but I probably want more when I get used to how you guys play. I'm
just gonna watch for a few minutes. Maybe get another beer." Devin tells
Owen,

Kevin was in the shower room on his knees in front of Tom. Kevin loves to
have a dick in his mouth. "I don't want to cum this early. You Thirsty?"
Kevin nodded. Alex stood in back of Tom observing... realizing that he was
getting hard watching Kevin drink from Sergeant Lansford's tap.

When Kevin stood up, wearing those very sexy chaps, he was licking his
lips, happy. All of the men in the immediate area who had watched the
Sergeant feed him, knew they were watching the opening ceremony of
tonight's games. Alex squeezed his own growing mulch in his small, tight
leather shorts as he spoke in almost whispering tones over Tom's
shoulder. "I hope you'll have some of that for me this evening too." Tom
spun around and kissed Zelsky for more than a couple of seconds, feeling
his big bulge with his right hand and pinching the big man's nipple with
his left hand. A few of the men watched that as well. "Let's go grab a
couple more beers." Alex encouraged. The two men walked back into the
kitchen and grabbed a couple more beers. Tom wearing his tight, soft chaps
with no jock, simply open in the front and back, displaying his beautiful
10+ inch cock. His ass looking incredible framed by the leather
chaps. Zelsky was on the verge of drooling, so proud to see his favorite
Dom receiving so much attention from the men in attendance.

Owen, wearing the leather shorts Kevin made popular, walks up to Tom,
sitting at the table with Zelsky, "Would I be out of line if I asked if I
might service you tonight, sir?"

"I'd love that... but you can always do that. What's different tonight?"
Tom asks.

"Sir, your cock looks so Lucious. And, I've never sucked off a man in
chaps."

"Owen, just service me for a minute, okay? I'm not ready to cum yet. Tom
allows. Owen doesn't think twice. He quickly gets down on his knees. "Don't
stop, Owen, just listen... I was thinking we should make a movie
tonight. What do you think of that?"

"I'd love to. Can we get filthy Sir?

"Sure, it's just for us to have fun with." Tom reasons. "Every time we
shoot a video we're gonna learn from it, ya know?

Owen says, "Whatever you say, Sir." Owen graduates to licking the
ball-adjacent area, sliding down to Tom's taint and attempting to reach his
very clean hole.

"Mmmmm... how does that taste? Tom asks.

"Delicious as ever." Owen tells him.

"Aww... Thanks for being my tester. You know, I'd love to watch you eat
Zelsky's hole. You up for that?"

"Certainly Sir." Owen obliges.

"Hey Alex... Let's drop those shorts. Your balls must be aching a little."
Tom tells Zelsky. "I'll help you with your boots... but I want you to wear
your boots tonight. They look so fuckin' hot." Zelsky definitely wants to
look hot for Tom. "Owen, help Zelsky get his boots back on."

The Sub boys were getting subbier and eager to do what they were ordered to
do. Even when they were just watching Dominant action. Privates Tim Butler
and Paul Porter were standing naked and ready, but having had only one
beer, but hunting for a cock to suck. Private Joey Reynolds was the lucky
recipient of their attention: "How'd you like the two of us to serve you?"

Joey, wearing only boots and a harness, only had to nod before the two to
sink to their knees, one in front, one in back. Joey achieved instant
ecstasy. "Paul, take a 30 second break and go grab us some beers. We might
be awhile." Paul happily pulled his tongue out of Joey's tasty hole and
rushed over to the Kitchen to grab 3 beers from the stacked up cases, so
pleased to know that Joey was into it as much as the two subs were... But
then almost everyone in attendance was busy sexually. Lots of hands. Lot's
of tongue.

Tom, with those so very sexy chaps, framing his firm cock and hang balls
had drawn a good bit of attention. Every aspect of his leather surrounded
anatomy looked more spectacular than ever. All the men in the House have
seen Tom naked in many conditions, including fucking Kevin. Tom really had
no claim to privacy in this House. But tonight, his beautiful chaps
highlight his anatomy to an even greater degree. Tonight, any of these men
would gladly take orders from Sergeant Lansford. Tom, still gulping down
some warm beer to replenish his load, puts down his beer, jacks his dick
for 5 or 6 strokes. Steps over behind Owen, who is sitting behind a bent
over Zelsky, in Quarterback position, eating his ass. Neither of these two
kinkster-men could possibly be more engrossed, each doing exactly what
Sergeant Lansford told them to do. Tom standing just behind Owen begin to
piss a waterfall on Zelsky's ass crack, falling down his trough and into
Owen's mouth. Owen quickly figures how to take in as much of the golden
goodness as possible while not retracting his tongue from Zelsky's
butthole. Owen slurped it up for as long as Tom could deliver. Tom set this
in motion right in the middle of the glass shower room where the most men
could watch. His goal was to humiliate Zelsky, but that didn't work. Kevin
had seen what was taking place and slid up under Zelsky's big scrotum where
he could capture the overflow that Owen couldn't capture, which was maybe
half. So, Kevin got the spillage of the three men upstream and couldn't
have been happier about it. When the water works ran out Owen continued
eating out Zelsky's hole. He was still following orders.

Kevin picks himself off the floor, presenting himself to Tom, who quickly
quipped, "I see you're successfully breaking in those new chaps, I see. By
the Way, they look great on you. Your ass is perfect in them." Tom beamed.

"Back at you Sir. Your dick looks even bigger than ever. Your balls make
your package look even more appealing."

"You can suck my dick every morning... and you usually do. Don't you want
to get you hands on some other of the men here? Tom asks.

"Yeah, I guess. These guys are mostly spectacular. They're all great, but
it makes me feel really special for all the guys here to see me with your
cock in my mouth. I love that so much. It really makes me feel proud. I
guess I really enjoy making these guys jealous. By the way, I think that
Zelsky really gets off on you humiliating him. He goes deeper every time
you do something more. It's so hot. I love watching it happen.

"Do you ever humiliate him? Does it excite you? Tom asks.

"No, I'm not his Dom. He needs YOU to humiliate him, but I have an
idea... "Kevin began to whisper closely into Tom's ear.

"Okay," Tom agrees with Kevin's scheme. "Maybe in like half hour.

"We should include Sean." Kevin shares.

"Perfect." Tom Turns around and asks Owen and Zelsky if they want another
beer.  Zelsky didn't move off Owen's face but nodded and held up 2 fingers
as if including Owen too. Tom smiled knowing how much these 2 friends were
enjoying their connection.

"Come on... did you get something to eat? Tom asks Kevin. "I think I want a
slice of Pizza.

At the food table they found Greg Miller picking food and putting it on his
plate. "Kevin put his arm around their naked friend. "You look lovely
tonight... who are you wearing? Tom thought that was pretty funny.

Greg smiled and said, "You both look great. I'm so happy you asked me to
come to the party.. I guess I've been feeling left out... I love the
leather. I saw Zelsky too with those shorts. Oh my God... you know that I
love big men... did you get something to eat?"

"Oh yes," Tom responds." So many tasty treats here tonight. By the way,
you've been working out, haven't you. Love your arms.  And, in a few
minutes we've got an initiation, so I hope you'll participate. Go drink a
warm beer or two."

"Kevin, I know that you guys are together these days... would you mind if I
kiss your Sergeant? I've never had the opportunity."

"Nobody's allow to say no... ya know?" Kevin tells his conversation
buddies. Greg leans forward and takes Tom's lips into his own for a nice
long munch."

"Fabulous," Private Millers says. "My dick is twitching. Thanks." Greg
says, rubbing Kevin's shoulders as he walks over to get a warm beer.

"Hey Devin, Having a good time?" Sergeant Lansford asks. "Meet anyone? Or
see anything you want to get involved in?"

"Yeah. I learn more about my own kinks whenever I'm around you," Devin
tells Kevin and Tom. "There's two things I wanna try, or maybe 3: I want to
get tied up like those guys in that room behind the showers, I wanna get
edged. And I want to get fucked in the sling. I've never done any of those
things."

"I think you need to let some guys know what you want. Let's' tie your
wrists behind your back and see what kind of response you get as you walk
around... or stand over in the dressing room... follow me."

Tom asks Kevin if there's any rope in his office. "I think so," Kevin
shares, and off the 3 men walked, past the crowded kitchen. Kevin started
looking through the cupboards behind his desk, having come to understand
where Anton stored stuff, prior to it becoming Kevin's office. Kevin handed
a 3-foot piece of rope to Tom.

"Okay, Devin... turn around" Tom directs him and ties his wrists together
behind his back. "You look so vulnerable now. And look. That dick is
getting hard almost automatically. That should catch some fish." And then
Tom rubs Devin's chest and arms and tells him to "now, go walk around
slowly and see what happens. Hope you catch a big one."

Kevin remarks to Tom... "He's so cute.

"Has anybody told you how great your chaps look on you?" Tom asks Kevin.

"Yeah, you and Zelsky and Anton and Greg and Owen... Everybody else just
stares. Like nobody knows what to say."

"Kevin.... They're probably kind of stunned by the whole leather package
and how it highlites your ass." Tom encourages Kevin. "Let's go find some
trouble for a short while." Tom and Kevin hold hands for a few seconds
while they look around the room for some fun.

When Kevin spots Private Sebastian Carter standing just outside the Shower
room with a beer in his hand, he nudges Tom. "Follow me" Kevin says.

"Hey Sexy Army Guy. How's it going?" Kevin asks.

"Hey Kevin. Hey Tom. Just checkin it all out. Lookin for a boy." Seb tells
them. "Those chaps make both of you look pretty fucking sexy."

Tom leans forward and turns Seb's body toward Devin, who has found a spot
on the wall, still with his wrists tied. "See that kid over there. He can't
have a beer because his hands are tied. You might want to take him a beer
and feed it to him while you check out his body. Play with his nipples and
I'm pretty sure you'll find an erect cock that you entertain. "He's never
been edged."

"Thanks guys. I will. Where did he come from?" Seb asks Tom.

"He's our chicken delivery guy. Maybe you should give him a tip. He's very
sweet."  Tom tells Seb.

As Tom and Kevin turn around to find Anton, a little drunk. "How's it going
Anton?"

"It's okay, I'm a little drunk. I'm not sure I can do the video thing. My
brain is a little bit foggy maybe." Anton reports.

"It's okay. We have plenty of opportunity to do that... What are you
looking to do this evening instead?" Tom thinks outlaid.

"I want to get into some kind of scene. Maybe get wet... Maybe get
fucked. Maybe even suck some dick. I am truly horned up."

"Okay, don't go too far. We're gonna have a welcoming ceremony with Sean
and Zelsky shortly. But they don't know that." Tom shares.

"Tom, can I go suck Zelsky's cock. I've wanted that down my throat for a
long time."

"Sure, but I recommend that you don't take it too far down your thought. It
could stop your breathing. Plus he'll be full of piss soon so you might
want to wait." Tom points out.

"Thank you Sir... Maybe we should go get some warm beer so that we can
participate." Anton leads the way... Tom and Kevin are both a little tipsy
but want to be ready and full for the ceremony.

Tom shouts across the room. "We've got a Welcome Ceremony. Everybody get a
beer!!" As quickly as the room quieted, the sounds of a party got even
louder. Kevin and Owen and Anton started to grab a few beers and pass them
out to anybody who wanted one.  Thinking about it for a moment, Tom tells
Kevin that this is his deal. Kevin questioned that as he isn't the highest
ranking guy at the Party. "Do you remember when you were inducted into the
House, Kevin? Anton called it and everybody fell in. Well, now you're the
head guy at the House. This is your thing. Do it."

Kevin walks into the Glass Shower Room and calls "Two men must report to me
now. When I call your names, come forward." Pretty much all the men know
what's coming. But not the two men to be `welcomed'. "Private Sean Covin,
please step forward. Sergeant Zelsky, please come forward now. Both of you
need to be naked."

Zelsky looks at Kevin with a little wrath in his eyes. "Kevin, don't" he
says in very quiet words.

Sergeant Lansford is paying acute attention to Zelsky's annoyance and
perhaps, embarrassment. Tom steps forward and the room goes quiet. Standing
in from of Zelsky, who is already on his knees, Tom says, "You're one of us
now, sergeant. You need to prove it just like I did. Just like Kevin
did. Just like all the members of this House have."

"Please. This is humiliating." Zelsky says to Tom, in almost inaudible
tones. Yet everyone heard it.

"Which is exactly why you must endure it... I want everyone here to witness
this ritual, just as they witnessed me enduring it.

"But you weren't a sergeant when you did it." Zelsky tries to make his
case.

"This isn't about rank. It's about the rites of passage. You will do this."
Zelsky felt doomed as Tom stepped away.

"Gentlemen of the House, please come forward and introduce yourselves. Sean
and Zelsky, tilt your heads back and open your mouths." Kevins bladder was
full as he stepped in front of Sean and began to speak while he pissed in
Sean's mouth. "Private Sean Covin, I'm Private Kevin Jones and you're being
welcomed into our House just as we all have." Still urinating he
sidestepped over to Zelsky and said, "This is my family and I'm his
ambassador. I welcome your into our House Sergeant," while pushing his
mouth open and head back, forcing him to follow directions. "Who's next?"

Most of the guys in the house were relatively freaked out by the thought of
pissing in Zelsky's mouth. So, they were bouyed into action by Kevin's
example. Private Arlo Thompson stepped up and continued the ritual. "Sean
Covin, My name is Arlo Thompson, You very hot fucking man. Welcome to the
house. Hello sergeant, welcome to this House you hot piece of sergeant
meat. I hope you like my piss. I love your cock big man." Zelsky started to
lighten up. "Hello Private Covin. You look like you belong in this house,
My name is Private Tyler Johnson. You are a pretty one. Welcome to the
House. Sergeant Zelsky, You are one big man. I'm Private Tyler
Johnson. Please do me the honor of sucking my cock for 5 seconds. I just to
see what your mouth feels like." That broke the tension as all the men
started to chuckle as did Zelsky himself. "Thank you, big sexy man,"
Private Johnson went on to say.

Private Owen West stepped up in front of Sean, "Open your mouth Sean. I'm
Owen West. Taste my piss, Sean. Sean, this is Sergeant Zelsky, I was eating
his ass this evening. I hope you get a chance to try that, It's
fantastic. Zelsky, open your mouth. I want you to tell me and everybody how
my piss tastes. After Zelsky swallows he says, It's really good."  Owen
says, Say it LOUDER so everyone can hear. "Your PISS TASTES REALLY
GOOD". That's much better. Owen smiles...

Every man in the House introduced themselves to these two men. Tom Lansford
was the last one. "I'm Tom. Welcome to the House Sean. We're all looking
forward to getting to know you better. But lining up and pissing in your
mouth like this is a pretty good way for you to get to know us. Sergeant
Zelsky, I'm Sergeant Lansford, welcome to our House officially. Taste
Familiar?" Tom asks.  Zelsky had gotten into the spirit of the
ceremony. "It was great watching you loosen up."

"Wait a minute, there's one more." Private Sean Covin said, "Me. I was
inducted seconds before you so I want to welcome you into the House too."

Tom and Zelsky both grinned. Tom said, "I think he's right. I think he
earned this."

Sean stood up and, feeling quite full after having swallowed so much urine,
Sean's hard penis stepped in front of Zelsky and said. "I'm Private Sean
Covin. Welcome to the House. I'm doing this because I can. I've had the
hots for you since the first time I saw you. And when I'm finished, I'd
like for you to welcome me into the House too. And then Sean looks at Tom
and says, "If I'm out of line, I apologize, but Owen said I should eat his
ass if I ever had the chance. I'd like to do that... if it's okay. And
then, sir, It would be my honor to suck your dick."

Zelsky looked up at Tom a little confused. "Let's all have a little fun
together, Sean. What would you like to happen?" Tom asked.

"I don't know. I kind of feel like I just went to Disneyland for the first
time. I'm having so much fun that I just want to have more fun." Sean says.

"How `bout you Zelsky. Are you having fun?" Tom queries.

"Yes. I'm sorry I gave you so much grief. I was just weird about getting
pissed on in front of so many guys."

"Right, but that's part of why it's important. That's how it has to be. And
it was hot as fuck watching it." Tom said, "and personally, I really loved
pissing down your throat in front of all the guys. And it won't be the last
time either.

"Yes Sir."

"So, Sean. Have you ever been fucked in a sling? Ever been spanked? Tied
up? Flogged?"  Kevin asks "Nothing?"

"So, Zelsky? Have you ever been fucked in the sling? Tom asks. "That might
be a good group activity. I know I would enjoy some rough stuff, like tying
you to those hooks in the Dressing room and flogging you... and maybe
swats. I know you enjoy giving them. Maybe getting some would be good for a
change."

"You really want to give me swats?" Zelsky asks.

"You know... I really do. It appeals to my Dom side. Tom tells him.

"Okay..." I can take it. Zelsky tells the men.

As the men get Zelsky into position to receive some swats, Tyrone walks in
surprising Tom, Kevin and Anton and Zelsky. "I'm sorry to interrupt your
party. I wish I didn't have to. Tom and Kevin had never experienced an
emergency at the House. Anton had only once before.

"What's up Sergeant?" Tom asked.

"The twins called. They tried to get ahold of you. When they couldn't, they
called me." Tyrone takes a deep breath. "Their Grandmother died. They're
flipping out, they don't know what to but they need some guidance. I didn't
want to step out of my lane since this thing might extend past my
exit. They'd love to hear from you, Tom." Tyrone said.

"Kevin... did I leave my phone in the room?" Tom asked him...

"I'll go look." Kevin ran upstairs quickly. He gets back downstairs and
hands Tom his phone. "Remember, they only have one phone."

Tom hits "Missed Calls" on his phone...

"Hi, David? Tom here. You okay?"


... next chapter coming soon. Probably the most significant chapter in the
story so far. Don't miss it.

I love hearing from my readers: sgtevans44@gmail.com

Take a moment to donate to Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

---

Untitled (Chapter 7)

Date: Mon, 26 Jan 2026 11:27:31 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 53

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private. This is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you
aren't interested in this subject, or this is illegal where you live,
please stop reading. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/
and all the great works they archive. Nifty carries the costs of keeping
all of these great stories available for you to read. We all need to
support Nifty.org. Please take a moment to click on the link above and make
any donation that you can afford. Thank you.

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you're thinking.


New Orders 53


Day 42		1640 hours.


"Hey, Kevin... Gather the men. I'm gonna report what's going on." Sergeant
Lansford tells his Private First Class. "Let's say 5 mins. Attendance is
not mandatory.

The men of the House are eager to hear about the General's visit. They fall
in almost as if an order. This morning they were in uniform. This
afternoon, not so much; they're dressed more like Frat Boys, with shorts
and mostly running shoes. Surprisingly, nobody's naked, which Sergeant
Lansford can't help but comment on. "I don't think I've ever seen you guys
all wearing clothes... Like... EVER!" He says as he glances over at Zelsky,
who's dressed in long khaki pants, as is Tom and Kevin. All 3 wearing new
or fairly new harness boots. (Gotta get them broken in before a couple of
weeks when they drive to Folsom Fair in San Francisco. They are pretty
comfortable.)

"This is an informal gathering. I just wanted to let you know that the
visit by General Billy Thomas went pretty well as far as we can tell. He
seemed to admire the unit. He might want to explore expanding this
unit. The General has invited Sergeant Zelsky and myself to go visit his
operation in Southern Arizona. We Don't know if or when that might
occur. But it seemed to go fairly well for the very first meeting of a
senior officer AND the very first time our unit has even been visited by
someone from off base. I don't know how to explain much more as we were
mostly answering his questions. Keep in mind that we invited him to come
for this inspection as Sergeant Zelsky and I reasoned that it would be best
for him to know who we are and how we operate.

"Sergeant Lansford," Private Peltsky asks, "some of us have a wager going
on that the General is gay and that he's going to want one of us to be his
Ambassador."

"Stop! This is not a conversation we're going to have. First of all, we
don't know... and if we did know it wouldn't be appropriate. This unit is
vulnerable to exactly this kind of debate. So I will strongly argue that if
we want our privacy to be honored, then we must certainly honor the
General's privacy... or anybody else's... This subject is not up for
discussion! As I said, this is an informal gathering so nothing here will
be noted, but I advise you to drop this subject. Anything that you ever
need to know in this regard, you will be told. Period! See you tomorrow
evening."

As Tom steps away from the group as though he couldn't get away fast
enough, walking toward Kevin's office, Tom says to Zelsky, "I can't believe
this. I hope I didn't lose it front of the men."

"No, you did the right thing." Zelsky answers. "But it's kind of uncanny
how close that came."

"Perhaps I'm too free with information, but these men are not just a bunch
of grunts." Tom tells Zelsky, "They need to be able to make reasoned
choices. Even then, it isn't up to us to give out personal
information. Especially right at this point. But if the General does follow
through with wanting an ambassador, you can be sure that will leak out
within the house. Tyrone did warn me that this could come back to bite me."

"I was unaware, but yes, we're going to have to play this carefully."
Sergeant Alexander Zelsky advises his friend. "But this could also have a
very positive upside to it as well. Don't burden yourself with `what-ifs'
that will weigh you down. The General left with a very positive
attitude. Shit, he even invited us down to his headquarters. I'm not
thinking that's something he does very often, Tom. But I do think that he
has some kind of purpose in mind. I doubt that he does stuff like this
without a game plan. Consider this: you're not in conflict with this
guy. His M.O. is to persuade all of his contacts to perform in a manner
that's useful. So if we support his mission, and I think that's why he was
so eager to accept our invitation, I think he'll be happy. That's how the
Army works."

"Yup. I understand. I just have this feeling that his appetite might be
more consuming than we realize... I feel like I'm leading the life that I
really need, with you and Kevin and the guys here. I feel like I don't want
to disturb that, you know. Come here big man," Tom puts his hands around
Alex's Triceps and pulls him in for a kiss or two. I need you guys."

"Yes Sir, we both need you too." Alex tells Tom, leaning over and touching
his forehead to Tom's just to commune for a moment. "You did good today
Sergeant. I was happy to hear that the General wants me to stay here for a
while yet. I'm not looking forward to leaving."

"We're gonna have to figure that out." Sergeant Lansford says, smiling at
the man he's got his arms around. "But not right now. I've gotta make some
arrangements right now."

Tom goes back and sits in the Family Room and pulls out his cell phone and
types out a text message" "Hey Devin. Been a few days. We're gonna have a
party tomorrow evening. You're invited. 5pm. 4 buckets of chicken. I need
pizza too. Call me when you can. Tom."

Then Tom gets Sean Covin on the phone. "Hey Sean. Lansford here. So... Free
tomorrow night? Party here. Leathers if you have them, but come
anyway. Things are going good. I think it's getting to be time for you to
come on board, so let's talk about it. Okay... Come about 1700. Okay. See
you then."

The twins wander by, wearing only gym shorts and running shoes. "Hey guys,
how's it going?" Tom asks.

"Not so good, we haven't been back to visit our Gran, and she left a
message for us because she needs to see us. So, we want to borrow Tyrone's
car and go see her." Deke tells Tom.

"Did you ask him about using his car?" Tom asks, concerned.

"No, not yet, but he promised our Gran that we could use his car to visit
her." David states.

"Wow, well, you should go talk to him about that. But I suggest you put on
a shirt to go to his office." Tom advises. The twins go to the kitchen to
see what needs cleaning before they leave.

Kevin comes in from his cubby hole office and finds Tom sitting on the love
seat. "Hey, what do you need for me to do for tomorrow's party?

"I'm gonna need to get some beer, but you can't do that... which reminds
me, you need to get checked out on the sedan. We should do that today or
tomorrow. I'll ask Sean when's a good time... I invited him to the party,
by the way.

"Oh, very cool. He's such a good guy. And very sexy." Kevin says in a low
voice.

"Hi Sean... Tom again. Hey, you said that Kevin needs to get checked out in
the Sedan. When's a good time? Really? Okay, I'll send him over now."

"Kevin, head over to the Motor Pool now. Sean will get you checked out in
the Sedan so you can drive it once in a while." Sergeant Lansford directed
Kevin. "Also, Sean is coming to our shindig tomorrow. Tell him to bring
some leathers if he's got some. He can change here at the house."

"Okay, I'll tell him." Kevin agrees.

"Oh... one more thing. Did Tyrone tell the Twins that they could use his
car?"

"Not exactly. But he did tell their Grandma that they could use his car to
go visit her." Kevin corrects the facts.

"Um, okay.... Go see Shawn so you can get checked out, Okay?" Tom says

"Yes Sir." Kevin responds as he heads for the front door of the House. Nine
minutes later Kevin walks into Sean Covin's mechanic's work bay. Sean is
wearing greasy khakis with grease all over his hands and forearms, looking
very butch. Sean grabs a rag and starts to clean off so he can take care of
business with Kevin. Sean is the sexy epitome of an Army mechanic.

Sean hands Kevin the keys and tells him to get behind the wheel. "Where
shall I drive" Kevin asks.

"Drive over to the water tower on the other side of the field." Sean
instruct Kevin.

When Kevin has completed his driving task, he asks Sean, "What now?"

Sean tells him to drop his pants. "That sounds fun." Kevin says as he
loosens his belt. "What is it that you need me to do to check my driving
abilities?"

"What are you taking about?" Sean asks.

"You told Sergeant Lansford that you needed to check out my driving the big
Sedan."

"No... what I said was that I wanted to check you out in the big sedan. I
always have fetishes around hot guys in cars. That's probably why I became
a mechanic... but really I just wanted to suck your hot dick while you're
sitting behind the wheel of this big old sedan. Sorry if I misled you. But
can I suck your dick?" Sean asks.

"Sure, but tomorrow I get to suck your cock, okay? Besides you didn't
mislead me... you misled the Sergeant. Don't worry, he'll laugh about it."
Kevin tells Sean.

"You don't have to tell him. I don't want him to be mad at me." Private
Covin shared his concern.

"I'm not complaining. I had a good laugh and a hot guy is gonna suck my
cock." Kevin smiles at Sean. "At least, that's what the hot guy told me."

"Oh yeah... this is happening." Sean leans over and licks Kevin's fat
cock. Both men grinning.

Sean drops Kevin off at the House 30 minutes later. "See you tomorrow
night, I forgot... do you have any leathers?" Sean said yes. "Okay see you
at 1700. I owe you a BJ." Sean looks around and thinks to himself, `good
thing nobody's around to hear that. The Army frowns on that shit."

Kevin buzzes himself into the House. First thing, sees Tom. "Hey, Sean
didn't want to test my driving skills. He wanted to check me out in the
car."

"That's what I said." Tom looks quizzically at Kevin.

"Kinda... but he wanted to suck my dick in the car... that's what he meant
by `checking me out." Kevin argues.

"Oh, well, we were actually talking about what a stud you were when he said
that, so I probably misunderstood." Tom smiles. "That's not a problem, is
it?"

"No, but you know that I'm typically the one doing the sucking." Kevin
adds. "So, I was a little surprised, that's all."

"Maybe we should find a way to make that up to you. Have you seen Owen or
Noah since this afternoon?" Tom asks.

"No, I haven't. I think they might be a bit scared of you at the moment."
Kevin observes. "I'll go find them. Do you want me to make a dinner plan
with them?"

"Sure... and if they're not up for dinner, maybe desert." Tom quips. "Let's
put Alex on the list. Let him know that I want to chat with him, if you see
him. I'm gonna head up to chat with Tyrone. Be back in like half hour."

Anton is sitting at his desk as Sergeant Lansford walks into the office
with some purpose, but stops in his tracks to tell Anton, "I used to stay
here as late as it took to get everything done. The First Sergeant
appreciated that, but let me leave a little bit early on days when I might
have something else to take care of, which is not typical in military
offices, but I will continue that policy if we take care of each other
during the course of the day... Whose in there with the Sergeant?" Tom
asks.

"David and Deke are in there.... And, so taking care of each other... Like
I have to give you a hand job if I want to leave early?" Anton asks
whimsically.

The Sergeant stops at the inner door, just as he's about to knock and enter
Sergeant Brown's inner office, as he's done so many times before when he
was Corporal. "No... I don't mean handjobs," as he shakes his head slightly
showing his distain. Then Tom smirks at Anton, knocks and enters the inner
office. "Am I interrupting?"

"No, no... come in. Pull up a chair. The boys were just reminding me that I
committed to letting them use my car to go visit their Grandma. Apparently,
she needs to see them. So, Tom... Please coordinate a date that won't
impact the operations of the House. I'm going to let them take my car." As
Tyrone continues, he turns back to the boys and reminds them, "Now we did
talk about getting you a van kind of vehicle so that you could perform jobs
for clients. We also talked about getting you some flyers printed to help
advertise your services. I assume you've given this some thought?"

"Yes. We still want to do that." Deke tells both men. "A car will help us
get going. A van will help us a lot more. But it's hard when we don't
really have any money for gas. But now that we're going to get paid for
cleaning the House that will help a lot. Plus, we'll have to buy supplies
like for cleaning or painting or anything."

"Tell you what," Tom says, "If you get a job order, signed by a client, I
will lend you the money to buy the stuff you need to do the job, but only
if the client can't give you an advance. Is that okay?" The boys are paying
strict attention and want to be sure they understand.

"Yes, that's okay. Thank you for doing that for us." David says.

"You do understand that Tyrone is going to leave because he's getting a
promotion?"

The boys nod, but they don't look happy. "Thanks for helping us. We really
appreciate it, Sir."

"I'm happy that I could help." Tyrone tells the boys.

Tyrone continues: "Tom, you still want to buy my house?"

"I do want to. I'll get moving on that. And," Tom turns toward the twins,
"I think you should have an official address that's not at the Army
base. So, I want you to share the house with me. You can stay there
whenever you like, you need to take care of it, and I will stay there
sometimes too. But you can still use your room at the House for a
while. And I say that because we might one day run out of rooms at the
House. Are you okay with that?"

"We love that. Thank you, Sir." Deke says. "But we'll still have to be at
the House every day, right?"

"Right. So now," Tom turns to face Tyrone, "I guess I'm committed to buying
a car too, huh?"

"Maybe we should get these guys that van and then you can have my car. It's
perfect for commuting from the house to the Base." Tyrone suggests.

Tom, to the twins:" when do you want to go see your Gran... and how quickly
will you be back?"

"It's pretty close by. Probably like 40 minutes only. We'd probably like to
see her for 2 days, `cause we can go back again in a few weeks, right?"
David asks Tom. "You're gonna be our boss now, huh?"

"I guess I am... is that alright with you Tyrone? Is that what you
imagine?" Tom asks Tyrone.

"I sure don't think it makes sense for me to be in charge of this. I'll be
gone in a few days." The First Sergeant replies. "Frankly, Tom... who else?
I mean, I couldn't answer that when we initially met them in San Francisco
either. So, I just stepped up. I appreciated the support from Kevin and
Anton and you, but I felt like a little more structure was called for. Now
I have to abandon my commitment. I'm sorry guys; I hate that. I don't
regret what I committed to, but now I'm not feeling quite as badly if
you're willing to take this on."

"Yeah, I'm willing." Tom turns to the twins. "Why is it that I feel like
I'm adopting you guys?" Tom asks Deke and David. The boys shrug.

"We don't know, but we know we trust you. Everybody here trusts you." David
tells Tom.

Tom stands up facing the boys, "come here." Tom puts his arms around his
new charges and draws them in for a hug. "I'll do my best... but you guys
have to tell me what's going on every single day so that I can help guide
you, okay?"

"OKAY!" The twins say in unison. They feel really good that they have
somebody like Tom to depend on. He's like the dad they dreamed of
having. They knew that Tyrone was leaving and they've been a little scared
what that might mean.

"So, you two, this will be my office when Tyrone leaves, just so you always
know how to find me. And Anton will always be at the desk outside and you
guys both have our phone numbers, right?" Sergeant Lansford tells the two
boys.

"Yup," Deke says," but we really only have one phone. We don't really need
two."

"So, Tyrone... the House will be celebrating tomorrow evening. Another
Leather event... if you feel like joining." Tom tells Tyrone. "You guys can
come too." Tom tells the boys.

"Is this an everybody party?" David asks.

"Yeah, everybody at the House. We'll have Pizza, Chicken, beer. Oh, you
don't drink beer." Tom observes.

"Yeah we do. Beer is great." Deke states. "Don't worry, we won't drive."

"Tyrone, let Kevin or Anton or me know if you're going to be coming."

As Tom walks past Anton's desk, he says, "I can't wait for the fitting
tomorrow at the tailors. I've never had any NEW leathers before."

"And I can't wait to watch you break them in tomorrow night. Should be
fun." Anton tells Tom.

"I invited Sean and Devin to join us.... The twins too." Tom says wiggling
his eyebrows. "Headed over to the House."

When Tom enters, he finds Kevin sitting at his desk, naked, playing with
his computer. "I'm gonna need help with this."

"Do any of the guys here have personal computers? Maybe we should have a
class for the guys that would like that... including you." Tom suggests.

"Well, I don't know how to find that." Kevin responds. "I'll ask Anton. Or
maybe we should call General Thomas and ask him. I'll bet they have
computer classes down there where he lives.

"You know, Kevin, that's not a bad idea." Tom observes. "I'll send an email
to the General and ask him for suggestions or educational systems they
might have. But, Kevin, I want you to find out how many of the guys here
would want to partake of a class like that, before I email him."

"Hey, by the way... did you see if Owen and Noah want to join us for
dinner? Tom asks.

"Yes, to Owen. Noah is concerned that you're angry with him." Kevin
reports. "Hey, are we having dinner here or are we going out?"

"I thought I'd get something exotic... like bar-b-que or something. Sit at
the dining room table. I'll go find Noah and talk to him." Sergeant
Lansford tells Kevin.

Tom finds Noah, naked in his tiny apartment, watching a tiny TV on his
lap. "Knock-knock. Hey Noah. You want to join us for dinner? I'm gonna run
down and buy something at the market."

Noah sits up. "Are you upset with me? I'm sorry I pissed you off."

"Noah... I'm not pissed off at you. I'm pissed off at the subject you
brought up. We can't be making wagers on things like a general being
gay. We are way out there on a ledge. Imagine the general hearing about
this. If he got pissed off he could completely disband this unit. We need
to be hangin' together on this. You are one of my most trusted men. I need
you to support me and this operation. If that conversation continued it
could be a mess... and for no productive reason." Sergeant Lansford tells
him. "You understand, don't you?"

"Of Course... Actually Sir, I was a little bit taken with the General. I
like older men and I was imagining myself as his ambassador. So, if it ever
comes up, I'd volunteer." Private Peltski tells his Sergeant.

"Well thanks for that... are you going to join us for dinner?" Tom ask,
attempting to deflect Noah's statement.

"Sure, Where and when? Noah asks.

"I'm going to the market or someplace to pick up some Bar-be-que. And then
we'll eat when I get back... wanna go for a drive?" Tom invites Noah.

"Sure. I'd love to get outta here once in a while. So, I appreciate the
invitation... I'll get dressed." Noah states.

Tom calls Tyrone to see if the can borrow his car to to pick up some
food. Tyrone readily agrees. "Then keep it. I'll get Anton to drive me
home."

"Anton has a car? I had no idea." Tom says out-loud... but nobody was
around to hear it."

David came downstairs to set up the coffee maker for the next day. "Hi
Tom. Do you need anything?

"Yeah. Can you go up to Tyrone's office and get his car for me?

David's face lit up. "Awesome." David ran out the door. Tom thought, `good
thing he's got clothes on.'

A moment later, Noah came down the stairs. "I'm ready."

"David went up to fetch Tyrone's car. Let's wait outside." The two army
men, dressed in their khaki uniforms wait for the car to pull up. "I have
to say, I'm a little disappointed that I didn't already know that you're
into older guys. Why didn't I know that?"

"Well, I think Tyrone knows. I didn't know that you didn't. It's kind of
the thing that attracted me to this unit. In fact, attracted me to join the
Army. I like older guys that are fit, have confidence, have high n tight
military haircuts, maybe a little hairy." Noah shares.

"I just figured that you liked guys like at the House." Tom reflects.

"I do. The more fit, the better. I love working out with them, I love
showering with them, I certainly like sucking their cocks, but I find older
guys like you to be better to talk to.. and one day I hope to have a
relationship with an older guy to settle down with."

"Interesting. How old do you think I am?" Sergeant Lansford asks.

"I don't know, but you're older. You're certainly a good communicator and
you have the two hottest men in our House who seem to really love you."

"Kevin and Zelsky, you mean?"

"Yeah. They are the hottest and coolest guys and they follow you like
you're their master, you know?" Noah shares a compliment.

"First of all, you're right. They do take care of me. I hope I take care of
them too. And they are Very Hot, fit men. But I thought you were talking
about older like the General's age. He's like more than twice my age. I'm
only 25."

"Yeah, but Sir, You're so much more in control of shit... I mean stuff. You
know how to take control. It's so wild to watch you, Sir. You were just the
trusted Corporal who kept Sergeant Brown's shit... I mean stuff
together. Now you are THE guy. All these men at the House adore you. I'm
amazed by you. I mean, Sergeant Brown would never share shit with
us... fuck, I mean stuff. You do share stuff with us. You tell us what's
going on. I mean, like, you came to get me this evening to make sure I was
okay after I asked about the General. Sergeant Brown wouldn't have done
that... I mean, you care about us. And when it comes to sex, you're like
the expert. I love leather and I have for a few years, but you come along
and you rock the kink stuff. So, yeah, I'm impressed."

"Thanks. I appreciate your confidence. But let's go back to the General for
a minute. What makes him attractive?" Lansford asks.

"He's handsome. Seems to have a nice body.... He listens. He asks good
questions. It seems like he really wants to know shit... I mean stuff. I
was really impressed by him. But I've never been around a General before,
so maybe I was just a little awe-struck."

David drove up. "Can I drive you to the store? I don't get a chance to
drive much."

"Sure... it's getting dark, have you driven at night? Do you have your
license with you? Tom asks.

"Yup. Right here in my wallet."

Do you know how to get to the Valley Supermarket store? Tom asks.

Yes. We sometime get supplies there for the House." David confirms.

"You know Noah, David?" Tom asks.

"Yes, we've had sex a couple times. My brother and I really like him. He's
very sexy. His dick is bigger than Kevin's."

"Is the size of a cock really important to you?" Tom asks.

"It used to be but there are a few guys that aren't as big that we really
like too... `cause sometimes we can't even get it in our mouths. So we like
guys who can fit in our butts too. Like Greg Miller. And he's got a really
nice body too."

"So, David, is my cock too big for you? Tom asks.

"We really liked your dick. We took it because we really like you so
much. But both of us really liked licking your balls and eating your ass
more. Is that okay?" David asks.

"It's fine."

"I really like eating your ass too," Noah says snickering. "But I really
like sucking your dick too... Is that okay?"

"It's absolutely okay." Tom winks at Noah.

**********************

Text to Kevin: "Gather the guys in the Dining room. I'm about 5 mins out
with BBQ."

David.... Get Deke and ask if he want BBQ for dinner.

"See, that's what I'm talking about." Noah says. "You're very generous."

When the men are at the table, Tom makes an announcement: "It hasn't
happened yet, but I'm going to try to buy a house and the Twins will move
over to it and live there, but they will also stay here at the House when
they want, provided there are rooms available. And they're going to get
some clients and a van and really kick their business into gear. And you
all know that Tyrone has been their "boss" as the boys call him, I'm going
to be there for them. I'm hoping you'll all continue to help in that
regard, `cause I have don't think I can do this alone. So, let's toast with
the beers we have: "To the Boys, may they create a successful business, may
they be our friends for all of our time together and may we support each
other for our time together." Everyone at the table clunks their beer cans
together and says "Cheers" in unison.

The Twins are smiling widely. "Thank you. We are so happy to have you in
our lives. You have taught us so much."

"We need to have someone fill in for us on coffee duty. We're gonna go
visit our Gran on Friday morning so we won't be here for a couple of days."

"Thanks for that reminder. We'll get one of the guys to do it until you get
back. It's only for a couple of days." Tom tells them, smiling.

"Let me know what I can do to help." Kevin tells the twins... as well as
Tom.

"You taught us about sex. We were so frustrated and curious when we met
you. You saved us."

"Hey, have you thought about going to Fulsom Street Fair with us. It's like
Dore Alley but bigger." Kevin describes it to them.

"I don't know if we can go with you. We don't have any money. At Dore Alley
you guys paid for everything. We didn't even have money for gas. Now we
don't have a car either so I think we have to wait 'til next year."

Tom: "You can stay in our room, I think. We don't have a room yet. Maybe we
can figure out a car for you too. Do you want to go if we can figure those
things out?"

"Yes," the twins say in unison. "Thank you Tom. If it doesn't work it's
okay. We'll understand." Deke said.

"I don't want you to give up that easily." Tom says.

"We're not giving up, Sir. We drove to San Francisco to find some men who
would be fun for sex. We were desperate." David explains, "We wanted men in
our lives because we didn't have anybody but each other. We love each other
very much. But we wanted more. We wanted to have some men in our lives to
replace our dad. We want to live with men where we can contribute `cause
we're Mormons I guess. We like to work."

"But we didn't find that in San Francisco." Deke shares. "We didn't find
that until we started to live here... "

"And that's when we realized that you men are like our family... so we
don't have to go to San Francisco. It would be fun probly, but we are very
happy being here." David completes their thought.

"Thank you for sharing that." Kevin tells them. "I didn't know that you
felt that way."

"You helped us figure out so Many things. You are like a big brother for
us." Deke adds. "But that doesn't mean that we don't want more sex. We love
sex so much."

"Um.... You haven't asked me to go to Folsom Fair." Noah chides Kevin.

"You never said you wanted to go... You can if we can figure out the
details, if it's okay with Tom." All eyes at the table swung around toward
Tom.

"I want to go too," Owen tells the table. "Is there room for me?"

"Kevin... we need to write all of this down: who wants to go, how many
rooms do we need, How many vehicles... and who's gonna take care of the
House while we're away? We need to get everyone involved to agree to a
plan. And Kevin, you need to ask Tyrone if he is able to go."

"We'll have to figure it out... but yeah." Kevin states.  "And don't forget
that we're going to try on our new Leather duds tomorrow at 3pm... so we
can get back here and get `em dirty." Everyone at the table broke into
applause and cheers. The dinner went on for a while, everyone enjoyed the
change from pizza to Bar-be-que. The men each had another beer and hung
around the table and chatted like a Sunday family dinner. They all felt
like it was wonderful and something most of them haven't experienced in a
long while.

Zelsky also enjoyed the camaraderie though he didn't have much conversation
to contribute. He sat and listened to his younger brethren around the table
a little disengaged, waiting for Tom to tell him something, recalling his
life with his family when he was 8 or 9 years old, waiting for word from
his father. But this was something he had mostly forgotten as his memories
of his younger years as an Army Private replaced those of his earlier
years, though he was noticing, for perhaps the first time, that the years
as a young soldier were similar to his earlier memories in that he was
waiting to be called upon by the dominant male family member that was
present... waiting for something that sounded like an order. So, when
Zelsky's dominant male companion and Sergeant, Tom, said, "Alex, I'm going
to need your help navigating all the shit I have to do in order to buy
Tyrone's house." Zelsky's only thought was the glee he felt that his Dom
was enlisting his help and advice. Tom's request gave him purpose and he
was elated to be called into service.

"Certainly, Sir," was Zelsky's verbal response. Tom recognized the large
Sergeant's words as submissive and Tom's response, leaning over toward
Zelsky's face. Kissing him for a moment and then whispering in his ear,
"will you do that for me boyfriend?"

"Yes sir. I will. Zelsky cooed softly, as though a sexual request. "When
sir?"

"Tomorrow morning." Sergeant Lansford tells him.

This quiet little exchange was noticed by everyone at the table and
suddenly all the men felt as they were interrupting and they started to
make motions of getting up from the table.

Owen asks, Kevin "What time do we go to the tailors tomorrow?"

"We have to be there at 1500 hours. It's about 15 minutes drive... I guess
I have to get a car, don't I? Should I call Sean? Kevin asked Tom.

"That's our Man in the Motor Pool." Tom tells Kevin.

"So who's gonna be `our man' once Sean moves over to our unit?' Kevin asks.

"That's a very good question. Why don't you ask him when you talk to him
about a car?" Sergeant Lansford recommends.

"As enthusiastic as I feel about the day and about tomorrow....I think I
need to go find a place to lie down." Tom looks to Kevin and Alex. " Either
of you want to be my blanket? I'm not even going to shower." Zelsky and
Kevin look at one another, link fingers, and follow Tom up to Apartment
14. "If you two want sex, go right ahead. I might be more into it after
2am. Love you both." The three men kiss and slobber on each other for a
couple of minutes before Tom starts snoring.

"Sweet Dreams, Kevin." Says Zelsky.

"You too, sir."

 More Kevin soon...

I love to hear from my readers. SgtEvans44@gmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 8)

Date: Sun, 11 Jan 2026 15:29:40 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 52

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private. This is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you
aren't interested in this subject, or this is illegal where you live,
please stop reading. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/
and all the great works they archive. Nifty carries the costs of keeping
all of these great stories available for you to read. We all need to
support Nifty.org. Please take a moment to click on the link above and make
any donation that you can afford. Thank you.

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear which are your favorite characters.

New Orders 52 (edited last 12/19)


Day 42	0430 Hours


Coffee comes early. Kevin called for an 0600 hours muster. But the guys
still need their morning coffee. Zelsky is up early getting into the
kitchen first thing to grab 3 cups of coffee and milk. He runs into Owen,
also there for the coffee. Both men naked. Both half-mast. Both staring at
the other's junk, smiling at the other. "Always inspiring to see you in the
morning Sergeant." Owen tells him.

"Looking pretty healthy yourself." Zelsky replies.

"Have time for a taste?" Owen asks

"I came down to get the boys some coffee. Want to help me deliver the
coffees to Apartment 14?" Owen smiles, acknowledging Zelsky's
suggestion. "Just exactly what kind of a taste are you looking for?"

"Whatever kind you're ready to share when we get upstairs, Sir." Owen tells
the big man.

"Then you're in luck, since I need to accomplish both." Zelsky says as the
two men enter the small apartment, putting down the four cups of coffee on
the dresser. Zelsky sits in the lone plastic chair and Owen gets on his
knees, quickly enveloping the growing 12-inch cock with his mouth,
signaling to Zelsky to start the flow. Zelsky starts to piss with a little
heavier flow than usual and Owen grunts loudly in surprise, waking Kevin
and Tom who both sit up with a knowing grin as they see the situation in
front of them. "We brought you coffee." Zelsky tell Tom and Kevin, reaching
over and grabbing one coffee at a time and carefully handing it off to the
two bedmates, but without stopping his flow of piss into Owen's
appreciative throat.

"Wow... amazing. I'm not sure which smell is stronger," says Tom. "Morning
coffee or morning piss."

"I think they're both awesome. Gotta piss?" Kevin asks Tom as he gives him
a brief morning kiss. "I'm a little parched."

"I do."  Kevin scurries out of bed and onto the floor, Tom placing his
morning piss pump into Kevin's mouth as fast as he gets situated between
Tom's legs. Tom, now sitting at the edge of the bed, reaches over to
Zelsky's right nipple and brushes up against it with his fingers, giving
him a little boner boost. Alex reaches over to Tom and pulls him into a
kiss, both of the Sergeants kissing as each of the men continue to drain
their bladders into the two men sitting on the floor. As Zelsky runs dry,
Owen shifts into cock sucking mode. Kevin senses what's going on and does
the same as soon as Tom's piss peters out. Tom, grabs the back of Alex's
neck and softly says, "It's so great getting hard in in a boy's mouth,
isn't it?" And then kisses Zelsky in a very sexy but connected manner. They
don't remember ever being able to kiss while each of them gets serviced
simultaneously. All four men appreciating the group camaraderie. Zelsky
shot his load into Owen's mouth first. Zelsky instructed Owen to lick Tom's
balls as soon as he'd cleaned off all of the large amounts of spooge off of
his big cock. Tom shot off quickly after the team of Kevin and Owen engaged
their early morning magic.

The four men quickly consumed their neglected coffees. "That was a nice
surprise," Tom said.

"Thanks, Owen. Nice that you could join us for breakfast." Zelsky snickers.

"We need to get showered and dressed." Private Jones mutters to his
buddies. "I'm headed down. See you in a minute for breakfast." 

At 0500, not everyone has shown up for coffee and breakfast. "I'll get all
the stuff ready to cook up some eggs. Text me know when you have a count of
how many guys want to eat." Tom gets the food laid out and warming the
pan. Anton appears. "Anton, I'm going to shower. Would you get a count for
how many men in the house will be eating... since we're going to be
marching early. I'll be back in a minute."

"Got it." Anton agrees.

Tom tells Kevin, "Go to the Gym. See who's there and tell them to get up
here if they want breakfast. But we're meeting in 25 minutes.

"Yes Sir." Kevin flies for the front door, buzzing himself out."

"Anton, could you go make the announcement that we're meeting in 25
minutes." Sergeant Lansford asks nicely.

And, hey, can you take charge of the Formation this morning? I'd like to
watch you do it as I never have. Let me learn it... Do I need to tell
Tyrone that you're gonna be busy?"

"No... I'll tell him. I'll be happy to show you the marching
structure. Have you ever been part of a formation?" Anton answers.

"In boot camp. But I got plucked out of boot camp within a couple weeks by
a Sergeant who needed me to organize some shit for him," Tom stated.

"How convenient?" Anton teased.

Zelsky saunters into the showers to clean up and check all the boys
out. Owen is just toweling off as Zelsky appears. "Breakfast was delicious
this morning... thanks for cooking." Owen says.

"My pleasure." Zelsky responds. "What's your favorite part?

"The fresh orange juice... and I love how you scramble those eggs." Owen
grinned.

Timmy heard them talking in the shower and asked if they're serving Orange
juice with breakfast. "I'm sorry, I think we drank it all." Owen tells
Timmy.  Zelsky turned toward the shower head with a huge grin so as not to
guffaw in front of Timmy.

"Zelsky... I'm calling Sean to make sure we can get a nice car." Tom softly
shouts into the shower. "I might need you to go over there to pick it up if
they can't deliver."

"No problem. Let me know." Zelsky says loudly.

Tom calling Sean at the Motor Pool: "Hi Sean, Tom here. What's the nicest
car you've got. I have a General arriving at Hill Air Base... no, don't
know but we're only going to get a few minute heads up. So... Yes, can we
get a car on this short notice? Yes, I do owe you one. Sure, thanks. Find
Sergeant Zelsky when you arrive. Thanks."

After a very quickly prepared and consumed breakfast, the men gather in the
Family Room. Many dressed in gym attire and a few not dressed at
all. "Men." Sergeant Lansford starts. "Short Notice. General Billy Thomas
will be arriving in a very short while for some meetings. It is very likely
that he will want to meet several of you or maybe all of you. We need to
make a very good first impression. I want you to look spectacular when
we're out on the field marching, which I want to be occurring as he drives
up. You will muster into formation in front of the House. You will march
West to the PX, turn 90 degree to the right for 20 steps and then 90
degrees to the right again back toward the House. I want him to see you
first thing upon his arrival on base. I don't know if there will be an
opportunity for him to meet all of you. We have to play it as we are able
to. We do not know the length of his stay. If it happens that he asks you
about your duties or your life here I want you to answer him truthfully and
respectfully."

"Either Anton or I will try not to make a fool of ourselves or you. Anton
will be taking control of the formation. We'll discuss what occurs after
the General leaves. I won't make you guess about it." Tom tells his
men. "Any Questions? Okay Anton..."

"We will form in Front of the House, facing West. As you will remember from
Boot Camp, always start with your left foot. We will run some drills prior
to the General's arrival. We did good the other day. We're going to do
better this morning."

"Do you men have any questions?" Sergeant Lansford asks. Not something most
Sergeants would ask their men. But this is a different kind of day and the
Sergeant doesn't want to leave any stone unturned.

A Hand goes up in the back of the small, crowded room. Lansford says,
"Yes?" "Sir, is anyone here acquainted with the General?" Private Jake
Jensen asks.

"Sergeant Brown met him years ago when the General was a Colonel. He has
always been in charge of receiving all the intelligence we have fed to Army
Intelligence in Huachuca. We felt we should meet him and he agreed.

"So, we're not in trouble, Sir" Private Jenson asks.

"Not as far as we know. Is there something you need to share Jensen?"  The
men let out a group chuckle, breaking the tension among the men.

"Is there anything else Private Jones?"

"Yes sir." Kevin speaks loudly. "This is a real opportunity here
today. We've never had any important officer come to us... we always go to
them. Let's make him feel the trip was worth his time. Go get dressed. And
Gentlemen, take a couple of minutes to inspect our surroundings in the
house... to wipe anything that looks like dust with a semi wet cloth
please. It will just take a couple of moments."

Sergeant Lansford was proud to hear Kevin speak those words. "Good Advice,
Private,"

"Ditto." Zelsky uttered in a muted tone with his muted, knowing smile.

Sergeant Lansford nods toward Anton who dismisses the men.

The House broke out into an anthill of activity. They all knew they had to
do their part in making the House appear to be an honest-to-god Army
facility.

Sergeant Alexander Zelsky invites Private Jones and Sergeant Lansford into
Kevin's small office. Alex closes the door behind them. A couple of the
House members notice this because nobody can remember seeing this door
closed ever before. "I'm going to go pick up the General in a few
minutes. I just want to give you each a hug. I feel like we're going into a
tunnel and we don't know what the destination is. You guys good?

Tom says, "I understand, but I don't think that I have a sense of dread
about the General's visit. I am awfully happy that I'm not doing this
alone, that's for sure. At least we're in the tunnel together," Tom smiles
sweetly at both of his men.

"I don't feel dread either. I'm excited. Every single thing that's happened
since I arrived here has been fantastic. I think we'll be okay... but I
sure don't want to be separated from either of you. I... um... I haven't
ever felt attached to anyone, unless it was a buddy that I got high with
while we were playing Call of Duty on his Xbox. You don't think that we're
going to get separated, do you?" Private Jones asks. "I mean... you are my
family... right?"

Sergeant Lansford grabs Kevin around his neck and pulls him in for a
kiss. "They'd have to really fight to separate us, buddy. Yes, we are
family."

Sergeant Zelsky engulfs both men with his long arms, and kisses them
both. "Look, we need to stay positive. I think the General will be testing
us, but if we just tell him the truth and stay positive we'll win him
over. Maybe this will turn out really good. This is in our hands, I
think... Stick together. So, guys, I'm gonna leave shortly to pick up
General Thomas at the air base. I will likely see you in a couple of
hours. Any last thoughts?"

"I think you said it all. I'm glad you verbalized your thoughts. It
helps. Let's not add to each other's explanations to the General unless
it's necessary, Okay? Tom says.

"Can we celebrate tonight if everything goes well?" Kevin asks.

"Everything's a party with you." Tom says with a smile.

"I guess, but I think we should share something with the guys after the
General's visit... don't you think they'll want to know how it went?" Kevin
suggests.

"Let's cross that bridge after he leaves." Zelsky shares, "How do I look:"
Alex asks Tom. Tom gives Zelsky a thumbs up.

__________________________


0830 Hours

Zelsky parks the large sedan on the field nearest the hangar identified as
the arrival meeting point. General Thomas, steps down the built in
air-stairs as they drop. There is no fanfare except for Sergeant Zelsky
saluting the 5' 9" man. "Sergeant Zelsky. It's been a long while. I always
have difficulty identifying you Army guys who work out. You're bigger than
the last time I saw you. How's it going?"

Zelsky is just slightly surprised at how affable the General is, expecting
to be slightly more distant and formal. "Nice to see you again
Sir. Anything you need before we leave?"

"Uh... no. Let's go." There are no bags as this is not an overnight
visit. General Thomas goes right for the front passenger seat of the
Sedan. Zelsky half expected the General would want to sit in the back. The
General saw Zelsky change in anticipation of where the General might want
to sit on the ride to the base. "I like to sit in front. Gives us a chance
to talk... get the lay of the land."

"Yes, Sir. Appreciated," Zelsky offers.

"There really is no extra time for all that formality shit, unless there's
a reason. I'm always trying to listen to my connections. Keep my ear to the
ground." General Thomas apprises Zelsky. "That's why I'm in this
position. That's why I need to be connected to this unit."

"Understood, Sir. Tell me what you need from us, better than we have been."
Zelsky says.

"I don't know yet. I'll observe and counter... but I need to better
understand Sergeant Lansford and Private Jones. I've been told that they're
the real deal and I think I have to understand them a bit. Squeeze the
lemon, as it were. Get a feel for what they're made of."

"Please allow me to be forthcoming. I referred Private Jones to Sergeant
Brown because I thought he'd be a great match and I believe he has been
from the moment he arrived.  Sergeant Lansford had been Sergeant Brown's
Corporal for the last 4 years and has kept the unit together
organizationally together, leaving the intel stuff to Tyrone. But, I think
he's charging into his new position with all the management expertise of a
long-term sergeant. He's a terrific leader. What might you want to know
more about them?" Zelsky articulated.

"Interestingly, I don't know. Just get to know them a little better. I want
to observe what makes them tick. If I have any questions, I will tell
you. But, tell me why you're out here?" The General asks.

"Tyrone asked me to come out and help smooth out the transition when he was
told he'd be going into Officer Training School. I had a connection with
Tom and Kevin and Tyrone just wanted to add a layer of experience. I
expected to be here only a couple of weeks, but there are a lot of balls in
the air at the moment, nothing bad, just how to step it up a notch." Zelsky
explained.

"Tell me about Tyrone's state-of-mind. What's going on with him?"

"Well, Sir," Zelsky begins to answer. "You know Tyrone is my good friend."

"You don't really need to couch statements like that. Just get to the
facts. I already know you're friends... I don't need a GPS, I just need the
address, okay?"

"Yes, Sir, I think Tyrone has become more suited as an administrator than a
hands-on Sergeant. It appears to me that Tom Lansford is running circles
around Sergeant Brown."

"See... that's the kind of info I need from you... direct and to the
point. I appreciate that. How much longer a drive to the base?" The General
asks.

"Ten minutes maybe."

Just before they drive onto the base, Zelsky texts Tom: `Arriving in 7
minutes.'

Sergeant Lansford tells Kevin to muster the troops to march. They're all
dressed and prepared. And off they go. They look good. Corporal Anton
calling the marching orders, more importantly than his directions is how
much the men all want to perform in order to make their Sergeant and
Corporal look good. They fully understand that this is a presentation for
the General. The Unit marches less than half way to the PX and reverses
Course to arrive a moment after Zelsky drives up to the House (known only
as Barracks to the General). Anton brings the march to a crisp and clean
stop, still in formation, Sergeant Lansford steps over to the General where
Zelsky makes the introduction of the two men. They Salute and the General
offers his hand to shake. The men take notice and are proud of their
Sergeant. Lansford, turns around and nods to Anton. Anton orders the men
"Dismissed!" Lansford follows Zelsky and General Thomas...

After General Billy Thomas has observed the men of the unit marching,
Sergeant Zelsky suggests that they stop first at the Sergeant's office for
coffee and a conversation. The three men pile in their Motor Pool car
together and drive to what has been Sergeant Brown's office.

Anton has predicted the way this should probably go and has procured a
medium sized round table, with the help of a couple of guys from the unit
including Owen and Kevin. Anton went so far as to get matching chairs to
sit around the round wood grained table. Anton ready with coffee, milk,
sugar, Splenda and a small handful of wafers that almost could be described
as cookies. The table had a small cup in the middle of the table with 5
pens and a couple of small pads of paper just in case somebody decided to
write something down, which wasn't common in this office.

"General Thomas, this is First Sergeant Tyrone Brown. I believe that you've
known one another for some time." Sergeant Lansford does the honors."

"Yes, but it's been some years since we've seen each other in person. You
look great, Tyrone. Life is obviously treating you well."

"Thanks, General. Your eyes must be weaker now." The General laughs with
the others. "I don't think so..."

"Anyone need water? "Corporal Anton asks.

Zelsky speaks, "OK then let's have a seat."

To start the meeting off, Sergeant Tom Lansford says. "Great of you to come
out at the point of our changeover. I'll be happy to answer any questions,
but may I ask you what you know about our unit and if you yourself are
gay?"

The General glares at Sergeant Lansford with a miffed expression and says
"Well, that is a pretty bold way to start the conversation. I'm not sure if
I should be insulted."

"You shouldn't be insulted, Sir. I'm gay myself. All of our men are gay,
and the last thing that I want to do is disrespect your valuable time by
telling you things that you already know. You are a dynamic Army General
and we only desire to support your mission and help answer any questions
you might have about our operation. So...what would you like to know, Sir?"

The General's face quickly relaxed as Sergeant Lansford articulated his
support and respect for the General in a positive and non-confrontational
way. "You certainly know how to get to the point..." General Thomas states,
almost smiling. "I have been concerned that this House of yours might be
operating a little on the sloppy side. I'm concerned you're coloring
outside the lines to say the least. That it's not as strict as a more
conventional Army operation. That it lacks a discipline structure. I have
very high expectations, admittedly, but you guys operate way outside the
norms of any of my other intel-gathering groups."

"May I ask you a question, Sir?" The General nods for Tom to continue "We
don't keep track of who does what so that nobody can get into any kind of
trouble down the line, if or when policies change. I would like your
guidance on this. Do you want us to keep track of who says or does what?
Perhaps more trackable? Would that be more in line of what you would like
to see? I'm certain you understand that having this data might get very
complicated at some point down the line, right?

"I have given that consideration, such as, how would I feel about being
kept track of if I were your client. I would definitely not like it. I'd
rather not be involved if you were keeping records. I think I wouldn't be a
completely honest client if I knew you were." The General shares.

"I would love feedback on our program, General, and on our ambassadors if
you know any of our clients who have expressed opinions. I'd like to know
more about the client's experience. And, Sir, I'd like to show you the
House, perhaps that would help explain some aspects of our program for
you. I want you to know that we are open to any questions or suggestions
that you have now or in the future. The men at the house are a dedicated
bunch."

"Good...I'd like to see for myself." General Thomas tells Tom.

"Is there anything else you'd like to discuss before we finish here?" Tom
questions.

"What do you do with comments about performance from your clients?" General
Thomas probes gently.

"It is extremely rare for us to get feedback from the Clients. They
sometimes pass along some info, which we pass along to you. But they almost
never give performance feedback about anything." Sergeant Lansford
reports. "The only thing that we can use to evaluate performance or
satisfaction is when the clients request the same ambassador again. And
when that occurs I plan to have a quick conversation with our man and let
HIM give me feedback so that we can improve our entire unit's
performance. Anton had a meeting a few weeks ago where he asked the men
what works for their clients. Do the men feel safe, etc. It was a worthy
exercise and one we wish to repeat quarterly."

"What did you learn about your clients?" The General leaned in to ask
earnestly.

"We learned that this kind of interaction is important to the clients. We
learned that the clients are mostly kinky and active and have almost no
other outlet to fulfill themselves sexually. They look to our ambassadors
for much more than the obvious hosting and secretarial service. They almost
always are looking for attention from sexy military men who know how to
respond to these men."

"What kind of kinks are we dealing with, Sergeant?" The General is
intrigued.

"In Anton's meeting it came out that a large percentage of these clients
have a taste for leather and rough play. A few are Dominant, but most are
mostly submissive, Sir. Our men are Submissive as you know, but they always
take care of the client's needs. Most of our clients go back to their home
bases very happy men. It is through these relationships that we garner our
best intel," Sergeant Lansford states.

"Does that bother you that your men take advantage of these senior military
clients like that?"

"Sir, nobody is forcing any information from these men. It's given freely."
Tom asserts. "And, I might add, in many cases, the clients don't feel that
they have another trusted path to share the information. They feel better
about being able to pass it covertly through our men than taking a chance
on having their information backfire on their careers through their command
structure."

The men sit quietly as the Sergeant completes his assertion. General Billy
Thompson requires a moment to ruminate on what's been told to him. "Thank
you for telling me this. It's a good reminder." After another moment of
silence...

"Would you like to walk down or drive to the House? It's a beautiful day to
walk down if you'd like to get a small amount of exercise." Sergeant
Lansford suggests. "I don't know what your time constrains are. I should
have asked that first." Sergeant Lansford probes.

"I don't have to be back to be back to my office until this afternoon, so I
have a couple of hours, perhaps."

"That's great. You have time to meet your intel agents then, if you'd
like." Tom suggested.

General Thomas looks askance at the Sergeant. "I guess I am surprised that
you refer to these guys as `intel agents'. I think of them more as
`hosts'," The General responded.

"That's not wrong," Sergeant Lansford responds. "They are hosts, and
ambassadors and intel collectors and assistants to their senior clients
while they're away from their home turf. And, yes, they're the best-looking
men that we could find for the job. The cut of their jib represents your
office well, Sir. These men are able to disarm their clients with charm and
affection, even friendship... "

General Billy cuts him off abruptly. "Friendship? Fuck, I am under the
impression that these guys are more about sex than they are FRIENDS."

"Sir. Speaking for myself, I've never desired to chat or have sex with
someone surly or hostile to me. Plus, I'm infinitely more likely to become
comfy with a good-looking person. If I were to go way out on a limb, I
would guess that you would be more prone to hiring a good-looking man as
your assistant than some ugly guy. That's true for each of us as
statistically. We don't need to stop a project, we put an assistant on a
project that we need to move forward. Surrounding yourself with handsome,
can-do types reflects well on the professionalism of your office." Tom
stands up for his men.

The General heard the words but was only slightly moved by Tom's
comments. "The House is here on the left. As they walked up the steps to
the front door, Tom opens the security door with his thumbprint and invites
General Thomas and Sergeant Zelsky to follow him in. Zelsky, who has been
keeping quiet as they walk. As they step in, the General is impressed at
how clean everything looks in the somewhat comfortable House. He's also
impressed with how the few men that are present, stand always back, giving
the General and his two Sergeant hosts room to talk and maneuver around
given such small rooms. They also salute the General when he looks in their
direction. Nobody crowds or runs away as he has experienced often in other
units. The Privates all stand with confidence. He's actually not sure what
he expected... but this wasn't it.

Without knowing that General Thomas was already in the building, Private
Joey Reynolds, Private Paul Porter, Private Noah Peltski and Private Kevin
Jones had returned from a short workout at the big weight gym after their
march. They worked chest and arms this morning, wanting to impress the
General, but this was not coordinated with his visit. These guys simply
walked to the showers and started to wash themselves and each other down
with soap and water, just like always. Washing each other's backs and
cracks as they shower down. The men working to quickly complete their
showers and nobody had grabbed towels as Kevin or Noah would typically
do. Suddenly the four men noticed the two Sergeants and one General
standing outside the brightly lit, white tiled, glassed-in shower room, and
all four men naked and dripping wet. The four didn't know if they should
grab a towel first or salute the General first. They stood frozen, taking
their cue from Kevin Jones. "Attention," Kevin abruptly said and the four
stood, at attention, their dicks only at half mast, but it was a very
fulsome appearance, thought Sergeants' Lansford and Zelsky. Sergeant
Lansford quickly took note to see if the General was sporting a reaction to
these hot men. Sure enough Tom found the General was displaying the effect
in his pants and in the stare of his gaze as he stared vacuously at these
sexy, wet soldiers. There may have even been some drool.

Kevin looked to Tom to help him figure out what he should do to remedy his
situation. Tom looked at him and gestured with his head to go grab some
towels. Kevin grabbed 4 towels and quickly passed them out... each wrapping
the fluffy white towels around their waist and tucking them in as if to
present themselves to an audience. "Gentlemen, come and present yourselves
to General Thomas."

"Sir, I'm Private Joey Reynolds." Surprisingly the General reached out to
shake his hand... more like at a social gathering than an Army
introduction, Tom thought.

"Nice meeting you, son," Said the handsome 63-year-old Army General.

"Sir, Private Paul Porter." Shaking his hand with a firm, masculine grip.

"Nice to meet you Private." The General said earnestly.

"Sir, Private Noah Peltsky."

"I'm pleased to meet you all." The General said in sort of a stunned state,
but smiling.

"Sir, I'm Private Kevin Jones" Kevin stepped forward, shaking the General's
hand with a firm grip and holding onto his towel so it doesn't fall to the
floor at just the wrong moment.

"So, this is the Kevin Jones fellow I've heard about," the General says to
Sergeant Lansford. "From all that I've read about you, I'm very
impressed. You seem to be working your way up quickly. Can I ask, what
would you attribute that to, son? The General asked, staring at Kevin with
an intensity he hadn't demonstrated with the others.

"I like the Army a lot, Sir. I... I... really like the camaraderie we share
here, sir."

"Yes, well, I can see why you might with all these very handsome men around
you. But I want to know what makes you leadership material, son."

Kevin doesn't know how to respond immediately, a little stunned, displaying
a pensive look on his face as he searches for words.

"Permission to speak, Sir?" Private Noah Peltsky blurts, surprising even
himself.

"Certainly, son."

"When Private Jones arrived, we had been in the routine of doing our
jobs. We all love the Army, Sir, but Kevin's enthusiasm for this unit and,
frankly everything he does, affected us all. We become charged up like we
hadn't been for a long while. His presence has really made a difference to
all of us here. He's made us all feel good about what we do."

"Okay... I understand, but can you describe to me what he did that made
such a difference?"

Suddenly Zelsky became a little stiff, Noah noticed that and thought that
maybe he'd stuck his foot too far out and got worried.

"Um, sir,' Private Peltsky continues, "he asked many of us about our
relationships with our clients and made us give some serious thought about
our professionalism and, um... training Sir. He made a statement in front
of all the men that he was proud to be associated with our unit and
everyone in it. That made all of us realize how important our work was, to
our clients and to the Army."

"What aspect of the work moves you the most, Private Jones?" The General
asked of the still wet man standing directly in front of him, eye to eye.

"General, I realized that our clients are often men who have had perhaps
their most meaningful relationship in the trenches or inside a tank or a
cockpit, combined with all the adrenaline and passion of war, and then got
ripped away from probably their best friend in life. We have the honor to
support those men. They're almost always great men."

The General was surprised to hear this handsome, sexy young man deliver
such an intuitive response. "I must say, I'm surprised at your wisdom,
son... I would have thought that this whole operation was way more kinky
than that."

"Sometimes it is kinky." Sergeant Lansford interjects. "These men are
geared to do whatever is necessary to support their clients. And by the
way, sometimes it's only about having someone to eat with or organizing a
conference or keeping them company. Sex is a wonderful and honorable part
of it. If our clients need oral sex, no problem. Our men are here for our
clients. And... when we put our clients ahead of ourselves, we also have
the opportunity to listen to the important information that they sometimes
feel they need to impart. And we organize that and pass it along to
you. Pillow talk can sometimes turn out to be important."

"Yes, it certainly can be." General Thomas affirms, speaking thoughtfully.

"Gentlemen, thank you for the chat." The General says to the towel clad
boys. "I appreciate it." Then looking at Zelsky directly, he
continues. "Certainly, the most informal Army meeting I've ever had." He
turns smiling to both Sergeants Lansford and Zelsky and says, "Can we sit
down over a cup of coffee and continue our conversation?"

"Of Course." Tom asked the General to follow him into the kitchen.

"Sergeant," Tom says addressing Zelsky, "our coffee spot or the Family
Room, do you think?"

"Lets' get the coffee and take it to the Family Room." Zelsky
recommends. "Probably a little more privacy there."

When they sit down on the fabric covered couch and loveseat, Tom asks the
General, "Not what you expected?"

"It's not. You have some fine young men here. They certainly are the
best-looking group, as you pointed out."

"Thank you, Sir. I'm pretty proud of our crew... what can we do to improve
our service to you?" Tom asks.

"I assume that you're speaking of our intel?" General Billy queries.

"Sir, there are many aspects of our unit. I would enjoy whatever feedback
you would give us that might improve our performance on any level. So, I'm
asking how involved you might like to be. We can continue on as we have
been, but, you might have something to say and it would be imprudent of me
to ignore. So, let's have an open conversation policy. How can we help you?
And how can you help us?" Sergeant Lansford lays it all on the line.

"I feel like you've just opened up our conversation to more than I
anticipated. I can see that you have a strategic military sense. I'd like
to put a plan together to see how we could expand your unit and its
services, I know of some of our men around the country who you might
benefit from knowing and involve them in your operation. I'd like to focus
on how you might bring in some additional clients that need your attention
and that may be able to assist you. Perhaps we might be able to have some
additional remote facilities. I realize that you'd probably have to travel
around to manage it. I would get you travel support when we figure out what
we need to do ...if you're up for expanding your program."

"Sergeant Zelsky, I know that you're only here to assist in the transition
with First Sergeant Brown moving on," the General proposes, "but, might I
convince you to give up your reigns at Bragg in favor of spending more time
out here? Perhaps for a few more months if that's possible."

"I'd like to chat with Sergeant Lansford about that before I jump in the
deep end, if that's okay." Zelsky reacts thoughtfully.

"I don't need an immediate answer... But, Sergeant Lansford, I believe that
I might be much better equipped to give you feedback if I were to utilize
one of your ambassadors." The General smiles at Tom with a smirk.

"When might you need ambassadorial assistance, Sir?"

"Anytime you find an available ambassador with some free time."

"I need to ask you a few questions to prepare for that." The General
nods. Tom asks, "When and where? Are you looking for a sub ambassador? What
attributes do you prefer? And, can it be a different ambassador each time
as opposed to an assigned ambassador? I'd like to introduce you to our men
in the most productive way possible. You can meet them all now, or I can
surprise you, one at a time."

"I liked the four you introduced me to, as an example." The General
confirms.

"Do you generally prefer to visit with a dominant soldier or a passive
soldier?" Tom asks.

"Can you be more specific?" The General asks.

"Okay... would you like the visiting soldier to dominate you, or you
dominate them or would you just like oral sex?

"I'm a General, wouldn't that mean to you that I want to dominate a younger
guy, get some oral attention?"

"You might be surprised at how often a Type A executive man will tell us,
`I'm in charge of every aspect of my staff, every single day. I make every
decision, but when I come to this place I simply want to be taken care of.'
I'm only here to make certain that you get the service from my men that
will give you the boost that you require, which can change and which you
can choose to share only with your ambassador. It's just that he might be
better suited if he knows what to expect."

"Here I thought all of your men were subs." Billy tells Tom.

"They are, but they will do whatever it takes to help quench whatever
thirst you have at the time. It doesn't always have to be the same." Tom
tells the General.

"I get it. Thanks for clarifying that. I hope I won't make you
uncomfortable having that discussion whenever I'm in need."

"No, problem." Sergeant Lansford answered, smiling.

"In turn, I'd like to invite you both to come down and see my operations at
Fort Huachuca. I'll open the Kimono as much as I can. Let you see what we
see. Hey, it's time for me to get going. Would you like to grab a sandwich
or something on the drive back to the Air Force Strip? General Bill Thomas
asks.

"Speaking for myself, I'd love to." Tom commits.

"I'm asking both of you." Says the General, looking at Zelsky.

"Yes, Sir. I'm in." Zelsky says.

"Let's bring that Kevin Jones boy. I love his spirit." General Thomas
suggests.

Both Sergeants quickly share a side glance at one another. Their thoughts
must be similar. `Uh-oh, where is this going?'

"I'll find him." Tom says, headed up to Apartment 14, where he expects he
will find Kevin getting dressed. "Kevin, there you are. Zelsky and I were
invited to grab some lunch on the drive aback to the Generals plane. He
suggested that you come along. Put on your boots. Meet us at the front
door."

All four men wearing varied Army garments as they head out the door to the
largish Motor pool Buick Sedan. Zelsky asks Tom. "Who do you want to
drive?"

Tom asks Kevin and Zelsky who would like to drive. Zelsky decides quickly,
for the sake of optics in front of the General that he'll drive us.

"Don't you have a standard setup for who drives?" The General asks.

"Actually, Sir, we don't" Tom finds himself on the defensive. "Nobody ever
comes to visit us. Your visit is a first for our unit to my knowledge."

"If we don't have a driver, Sergeant, we typically have the most junior
rank present do the driving." The General points out.

"Sir, Kevin is 19 years old. He just got his driver's license for Utah,"
Sergeant Lansford explains. "The motor pool asked that he be checked out on
this car before he takes it off base."

"I see." The General responds. "Thanks for driving Sergeant Zeksky."

"You're very welcome."

Once the men are all in the car, Zelsky starts the engine and they're
off. "So, Private, I keep hearing that you have boosted the spirits at your
Barracks." General Thomas states.

"Yes, Sir, that's what I've heard as well." Kevin replies. Lansford and
Zelsky both hearing the exchange.

"Well? To what would you attribute that?" The General continues the
conversation.

"Sir, I was excited to be selected for Sergeant Brown's unit and found that
I really liked all the men. I especially appreciate my Sergeant Lansford
and Sergeant Zelsky who introduced me to Sergeant Brown." Kevin explained.

"Sir, I hesitate to tell you because it could be kind of embarrassing, but
Sergeant Lansford directed me to answer all of your questions
truthfully. But I don't mean to embarrass you, Sir."

'So far, so good,' Sergeant Lansford thinks while almost holding his
breath. Zelsky hopes Kevin doesn't explain too much history.

"It's okay, I'm not going to hold anything against you, Kevin." General
Thomas states.

"Okay... when I first arrived at the house I was made to get down on my
knees while each guy pissed in my mouth, while they introduced themselves
to me."

"I see. Is this a hazing ritual with your men, Sergeant?" The General asks
Sergeant Lansford.

"I believe it was, Sir. This is before my coming on as Sergeant.

"I see. Did you file a complaint, Private Jones?" The General asks Kevin.

"I did not, Sir." Kevin replied.

The General asked Kevin why he didn't file a complaint. "Because I really
liked it, Sir. I liked it a lot. I knew that it was supposed to be a hazing
ritual, but when the guys saw that I was enjoying it they kind of cheered
me on. I think that's why they support me, actually." The General is a bit
surprised.

"Does this still go on now, Sergeant Lansford?" The General asked point
blank.

"Yes, Sir it does. In fact, when I was being welcomed into the house,
before I received my Sergeant's Stripes, the men welcomed me into the House
in the same way."

"Zelsky... do these men respect Sergeant Lansford still, even after this
humiliation?" The General continues questioning.

"The men overwhelmingly respect Sergeant Lansford as their leader, as well
as Private Jones. I've been close to this unit since it was formed and I
can tell you that the men here are enthusiastically supportive of these two
men.

The General sat back and said, "I'm glad to hear this. I am very pleased
that you all reacted in this way. It speaks volumes about your ability to
not overreact. The Wait-and-see approach is often the way to go. I find
that listening is much better than reacting. Plus, I appreciate your
choosing to be forthright with me. Translation: I will return the
respect. It's also true that your men will follow you through a great deal
more tough operations if they see you being able to the same along with
them. So... what are we having for lunch, Gentlemen?"

Zelsky tells the General, "we can either go for Pizza, Burgers or Salads."

When the General says "I vote pizza," the other three men heartily
concurred. Pizza it is.

The conversation turned guarded when the men got inside. General Thomas
asked about his `old friend Sergeant Brown' The men expressed their
admiration for the First Sergeant, but also made comments about the new
relationship between the General and both Sergeants. "I look forward to
showing you around our operations down in Sierra Vista. I think you'll be
impressed. We might be able to focus in on expanding our goals. In fact, if
I'm in the neighborhood, I'll call you and you meet me at the field. The
question is always then, how do you get back. But we'll figure it out."

After some lite conversation that included some football talk, the General
was eager to get back to his plane. "Thanks again for your candor,
gentlemen." The men saluted the General, and he returned the favor. "Really
interesting operation you got there." He said as he stepped up to the
air-steps of his jet. The men walked back to the car and drove back toward
the House.

On the way back to the base, Kevin received a phone call from Mr. Hoffman,
the tailor. "Hi Mister Jones. I'm not sure if you've been getting my
messages, but I have time to work on your order this afternoon if you can
make it."

"Thank you, Mister Hoffman. Let me ask." Kevin tells him...

"Guys... Mister Hoffman, the tailor, has time for us to go get measured for
some leather stuff that I want you to get. Can we stop by his place on the
way home?" The sergeants both grumble but agree.

"Yes, Mister Hoffman, we can come by. We are already in the car. Can you
send me your address? I don't have it with me. Yes, thank you... please
text it to me."

Kevin received the address and puts it into his GPS, and advises Zelsky,
turn by turn how to get to Mr. Hoffman's shop, which is in front of his
house. Tom is excited to see what Kevin has in mind for him. Zelsky hasn't
quite tuned into Kevin's plan to have his favorite Sergeants dressed in a
leather, in similar shorts, harness, arm bands and boots. He is turned on
by the idea of playing in such garments, but also going out in public, as
it's been described to him, might be a step too far, but he's willing to go
along with it for the moment.

As the three men pull up to the house, Mister Hoffman steps outside,
expecting their arrival. "Hello Private Jones. Corporal Lansford, nice to
see you again."

"Actually, Mister Hoffman, Corporal Lansford is Sergeant Lansford now. And
this is Sergeant Zelsky." Mister Hoffman shakes each of their hands and
congratulates Tom.

"Come in, come in."  Mister Hoffman guides the men in and through to the
back of his house to his tailor shop.

"Tell me how I can help. You like the leathers I made for you Private
jones?"

"I actually love them. I wish I could wear them more often." Kevin
explains. "They make me feel so good. So, I want to discuss you making some
sexy leather garments for my friends. I want to get a similar or matching
harness for each of these Sergeants and see if you can make some shorts or
chaps for them too. Actually, I would like some chaps for me too."  Zelsky
has never worn chaps, or leather shorts. He's a little bit unsteady at the
thought of making custom garments, having never done this before.

"I know, Alex... I get that you're feeling unsure, but you've seen Kevin
dressed in a harness and his shorts," Tom reminds the Sergeant. "I've not
ever gotten any custom leather stuff made for me either, but I know that
Mister Hoffman knows how to fit each of us because we've seen how Kevin
looks. Anton too. Don't you want to look that sexy for me and Kevin? Even
if we just stay at home?"

"I guess. What do I have to do?" Asks Zelsky.

"I will need you all to take your clothes off so that I can take your
measurements." Mister Hoffman directs. He reads Zelsky's body language and
realizes that he's not relaxed at the proposition. "I will make you very
sexy clothes, but I can't do that without getting exact
measurements. Private Jones and Private Anton both had to do this too. It's
no problem."

"Private Anton is now Corporal Anton." Kevin fills Mister Hoffman in.

"Good to know." Mister Hoffman winks at Kevin. "Are you all going to the
Folsom Street Fair?"

"I hope so. We don't know yet, but I knew we'd have to get our leathers
made early enough." Kevin shares.

"Let's concentrate on one of you at a time. What do we want for Sergeant
Tom?"

"I think a harness, like mine. Some shorts like mine and chaps too, I
hope. Can you make an arm band too with a buckle?" Kevin presents a picture
from a leather shop catalog. "I like this one."

"Okay. Sergeant, please take off your clothes and stand on this step. Tom
does this, Mister Hoffman measures his chest, his neck size, his biceps,
his waist... and then he gets down the floor and wraps his tape measure
around Tom's thighs, one at a time. And then pulls Tom's balls to one side
and measures exactly the full length of his inseam. Tom gets a little chub
from Mister Hoffman touching his balls. Mister Hoffman doesn't say a word,
but does reach up and hold's Tom's penis out to measure it.

"Is that necessary?" Tom asks the tailor.

"I'm going to make you the most sexy clothes. I must have exact
measurements." Mister Hofmann puts all the measurements on a card, which he
will keep for future orders.

"Okay, you can step down. Now, you Sergeant Zelsky. Please remove your
clothes and step up here." Zelsky follows Mister Hoffman's directions, but
his body language tells the others that he's not enjoying this process. "Oh
my," Mister Hoffman comments as he wraps his tape measure around the big
man's chest. Equally impressed with his shoulders and biceps. And when
Mister Hoffman gets on the floor to measure Zelsky's inseam and thighs,
Zelsky's large cock began to grow. Mister Hoffman couldn't help but
notice. As Hoffman completed the inseam measurement, Zelsky's cock smacked
the top of his head. Clearly impressed, Mister Hoffman said 'thank you
sir," and quickly grabbed his penis to measure it. He couldn't stop himself
from announcing "thirteen and a half inches," to the men.

Kevin says, "yes, we know."

"I see," Mister Hoffman comments, "And which garments would you like to see
on Sergeant Zelsky?"

"The same as for Sergeant Lansford." Kevin tells him.

"Will you be needing a leather pouch for each of you?"

"Actually, I also like the look of a jock strap under chaps. What do you
think, Tom?" Kevin asks.

"I've only seen them in pictures. What do you think, Alex?" Tom asks.

"Whatever you choose for me Sir." Zelsky says. Tom immediately realizes the
change in attitude with Alex's voice. `He's into this. I'd better get him
back to the House.' Tom thinks to himself.

"I think we should try them with those jock strap. I think they'll make the
chaps stand out too." Kevin says.

"Yes, and they stretch out so nicely when needed." Mister Hoffman said
approvingly. "We can get some pouches made later if you feel you need
them."

"How much will all this cost?" Sergeant Lansford asks the tailor.

"Mister Hoffman looks to Kevin and says, "Same arrangement as last
time. But this is a lot of leather and I will need to charge you for the
material at my cost."

Kevin says, "I need to discuss this, but I'll get right back to you.  How
long do you suppose this order will take to make?"

"My schedule is pretty open right now. I can get everything cut today. I
have all the material. I can have it completed by tomorrow afternoon, if
you'd like. Maybe ready by 3pm?"

"I will confirm that time when I know. Thank you so much, Mister Hoffman."

After the men get dressed and back in the car, Tom asks Sergeant Zelsky
what he thought. "Did you like the idea of black leather chaps and a
harness, Alex?"

"Yes, I understand now. I can't wait to try them on." Zelsky tells Tom and
Kevin. "I've seen some porn where guys were in a dungeon dressed like
this. I kind of thought it looked fake."

"It probably was a bit fake. It's hard to make a sex scene look natural
when you make the actors do the same thing over and over until they get it
right. It definitely looks faked." Tom gives his input.

"I think so too." Kevin says.

"So says the porn star and his director." Zelsky contributes. "I love the
movie you guys made. I've watched it a couple of times, now. I will pay
much more attention to what you're doing next time you shoot a video."

"I think it would be fun to do a porn wearing our leather gear. What do you
think, Tom?" Kevin asks.

"Tell you what, let's try our new gear on tomorrow and show it to some of
the guys... see what they have to say. Maybe we can have a small party."

"Tom. I don't think your Army boots will go with your chaps very well, I
think you should go up to the PX and get some like mine." Private Jones
suggests.

"You have time to stop at the PX, Alex? Look at some boots?" Tom inquires.

"Sure. I'd like that." Kevin shoots a glance of recognition at Tom, hearing
Zelsky's muted answer.

"You... uh.... feeling a little subby, Alex?" Tom asks.

"Yeah... I was just imagining you in some new boots, Sir.

"Good boy Alex. Let's go find some."

When the men pull up in front of the PX, Alex get's out of the car. Tom
makes Kevin pause for a few seconds, "Mister Hoffman measured Zelsky's
neck, right?" Kevin nodded. "Well ask him to make a slave collar for
him... a little wider than the one Anton gave to you on your birthday,
okay?"

"I forgot that. I wonder what I did with that collar? Hmmm. I don't
remember seeing that again after Anton gave it to me." Kevin tells
Tom. "But Yes, I will tell Mister Hoffman."

Kevin guides his co-pilots over to the boot section. There seems to be a
bigger boot selection now than when he purchased his boots there only a
month earlier. "Look at these. You have to think about whether you're going
to wear your boots inside your chaps or on the outside, Kevin advises both
men. AND, what if you're wearing boots with shorts. I really like that
look, but it's why I got mid-calf boots. But you know what, Alex, you would
rock knee high boots. Jeez, I should shut up... but I'm really excited. "

Both men tried on several pair and in the end Sergeant Zelsky and Sergeant
both picked the same square toe harness boot that Kevin had picked. Kevin
liked his Midcalf boots. Zelsky picked a pair of 16inch and Tom the
14inch. Both men imagining the other in the boots, both eager to see how
they looked with the leather shorts and chaps.  Such a productive day. All
three Army men Horny and excited to get home and break them in.

"Guys... time to pick out a jock strap that will fit your package, if you
don't have one or two already," Kevin suggests.

As soon as the men got back to the House they all put their boots on to see
how they compare. Kevin was so pleased to have been the instigator. He's
had some boot fantasies about these two men wearing the Harness boots just
like his. Some of the House men noticed the new boots. Owen asked about
them, "Hey... new boots. I like these. They're not regulation though, are
they?"

Tom just shook his head. "Kevin's getting us all leathered up for the
Folsom Fair. You into leather?

"Oh yeah. I only have a little though." Owen reports.

"Me too. I have an old hand-me-down harness and some old boots. Kevin is
making me get chaps, a new harness and these boots so I don't look so geeky
at Folsom." Tom tells Owen.

"No, it doesn't work that way." Owen advises. "If you don't want to look
geeky then you're gonna need to break in the new-smell leather and get it a
little dirty... you know some cum and piss stains on them."

"Well, Owen... funny you should mention that. I think we're going to try to
break in our boots tonight, but tomorrow we're going to go get our new
leather stuff and we were discussing trying it all out tomorrow
evening. Maybe you'll want to help me break them in." Tom looks at Owen
with a quizzical look.

"Maybe I will... maybe I should go with you and get some leather for
myself. Where's Kevin?" Owen asks. " I want to ask him about what to
buy. He seems to know."

"He was up in Apartment 14 a minute ago... probably trying on his
boots. But Zelsky got some too. Go check `em out." Tom tells him. "I'll be
up in a minute." Tom proceeds to the kitchen and grabs 4 beers, figuring
that Owen will be well ensconced in the activity by the time he gets
there. He was almost correct.

Kevin got Zelsky naked and encouraged the big man to put on his new
boots. Owen was pleased to watch, but asked, "Can I ask about the leathers
that you just got today?"

"Of course." Kevin told him. "But help me out here. I'll take this side."
Kevin started to lick and service the right side of Zelsky's big but
flaccid dick, stopping only to answer Owen's questions. Owen did the same
thing on the other side of Zelsky's big dick.

"Should I order the same leather stuff you got today?" Owen asked,
Kevin. And immediately went back to his servicing Zelsky's cock after he
spoke.

"Does Mister Hoffman have your sizes?" Kevin asked and instantly moved to
the Big Zelsky ball sack.

Owen stopped for long enough to answer, "He does."

"Kevin lifted Owens face up to look at Owen face-to-face. "Then call him
and tell him to make you a set of the same things we ordered in your size."

"Okay," Owen answered. Kevin pulls Owen in for a sloppy wet kiss and then
raises Zelsky's growing shaft up to Owens lips and pulls him close again to
continue kissing, but with Zelsky's growing cock in between both of their
lips. Zelsky moaned while the two younger men serviced his cock for another
minute or so. Owen gets up and says "I'm gonna go call Mister
Hoffman. Kevin continued to service Zelsky's cock for the moment on his
own. "But, I'll be right back."

"Oh, okay," Tom replied as he entered the apartment, thinking that Owen was
addressing him. Tom sets down three beers and pops the 4th, handing it to
Alex who takes it and starting to drink it without as much as looking
down. Kevin doesn't stop servicing the large cock, and it just keeps
growing harder.

Owen returns to the apartment like a minute later. "Well that was
easy. Mine will be ready tomorrow too, but I don't even know what I
ordered. Can I go with you for the fitting?

Tom, offering Owen a beer as he walked back in, says, "sure. Are you going
to get matching boots too?"

"Sure, sir, if that's what you'd like?"

Tom recognizes Owen's tone and says, "That is not an order from your
Sergeant, Owen."

"I didn't think it was. I'm hoping it's an order from a Dom I like very
much..." Owen tells him flirtatiously.

"Owen, we can discuss this some time, but for right now, you're welcome to
join in our fun. We all think you're a very sexy guy. Let's just take a
breath..."

"Tell me what to do, Sir. I'll go as slow as you tell me to go." Owen tells
Tom.

"What would you like to be doing, Owen?"

"I'm in a very subby place. I'd like to be of service, Sir. I need to suck
cock or get used somehow. I'd be really happy eating your ass or licking
your boots... for any or all of you." Owen is almost begging.

"You really need this leather, don't you?" Tom comments.

"Yes Sir. I definitely have fantasies. I can't wait to try it on. I'll
probably be hard for a month."

"So, Owen, which other guys in the House have leathers? Do you know?" Tom
asks, as Kevin advances his cocksucking on Zelsky's solid stalk. "Kevin is
in ecstasy at the moment, with only one goal in mind." Tom explains to
Owen.

"I think Joey might have some leather. Noah, definitely.  Seb, I think. I'm
not sure about Greg." Owen tells his Sergeant.

"I think Greg is off limits unless Tyrone is included. That reminds me... I
need to go talk with Tyrone. Shit, I forgot. I have to get dressed. I won't
be gone long. You boys play. Save some for me." Tom instructs his boys,
jokingly.

He takes his beer and grabs one for Tyrone, and walks up to the Sergeant's
office. Anton is sitting at his desk. As soon as he sees Tom he buzzes
Tyrone. "Tom's here." Tom taps on the door as he opens and walks in,
placing the beer in front of Tyrone.

Tyrone opens it and takes a sip. "This is a first, you bringing a beer into
my office."

"My office too." Tom sets the tone, and Tyrone looks a little surprised. "I
need to update you on the General's visit. Things went well, I was open and
honest without going overboard. The General was pleased with the House. He
surprised 4 of the boys in the shower, all looking their post-workout best,
washing each other's hair and butt cracks and it didn't seem to upset him
at all. He was most impressed with Kevin Jones and grilled him about his
leadership skills. Kevin couldn't find words but Noah spoke up on his
behalf, brilliantly, I thought. We talked openly. I think he was impressed,
It sounds like he wants to expand the Unit. He's invited Zelsky and I down
to see his operation and get some ideas. But, Tyrone, I got the feeling
that he wanted to get more involved with the unit before his visit
today. Did he ever invite you to come down and visit him in Arizona?"

Tyrone's eyes flashed and he stared back at Sergeant Lansford. "Yes, he
did. But I didn't know how to tell him that I wasn't interested."

"Did he want to involve you romantically or was it about business and
intel, Tyrone?" Tom's stare at the First Sergeant was piercing right
through his eyeballs. Tyrone could feel the tension.

"I thought probably romantically, though I never confirmed that. I just
avoided him. Tyrone finally spelled it out, speaking slowly.

"You know that most of my sexual awareness has come from my recent
experience here in the unit.. and mostly from what Kevin has introduced
into our relationship, including his, and now my interest in some kinky
stuff. Dom/sub stuff. And it hit me this afternoon, after the General flew
out, that I figured out what was bothering me. He asked Kevin some specific
questions and Kevin explained that he didn't want to embarrass the General
but that I had instructed him to be honest... and he told the General about
his initiation into the House where every Ambassador pissed in his mouth. I
remained calm, but I was freaking out, as you might imagine. It didn't
bother the General. He thought that Keven handled it well... sort of. But
this afternoon it hit me... I think he's a kinky sub man in search of
connections. I mean, he's the proverbial Alpha by day in business life that
wants to be subjugated and controlled when it comes to his private
life. Does that ring true, Tyrone? Is that what you think I'm dealing
with?"

"I think you have really good instincts, Tom."

"He definitely wants to have an experience with an Ambassador. Who do you
suppose would be able to handle the General? Who do you think I should
send?

"The two men I would recommend are Joey and Kevin." Tyrone suggests.

"Thanks, Tyrone. I'm going to go talk to Kevin and Zelsky. See if they
concur. I'll let you know what happens." Tom stands up and leaves, but says
"I'll update you as soon as I know more" to Anton as he walks past his
desk. When Tom gets to the outer door, he turns around and says to Anton,
"We're picking up some new leathers at the tailors tomorrow so there's
likely to be a little leather party tomorrow evening at the House. You
should come."

More to come shortly....


SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I want to hear what you think of the story.

---

Untitled (Chapter 9)

Date: Fri, 26 Dec 2025 06:02:37 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 51

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private. This is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you
aren't interested in this subject, or this is illegal where you live,
please stop reading. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/
and all the great works they archive. Nifty carries the costs of keeping
all of these great stories available for you to read. We all need to
support Nifty.org. Please take a moment to click on the link above and make
any donation that you can afford. Thank you.

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear which are your favorite characters.

Kevin Jones New Orders 51


Day 41		0500 Hours


It had been an exciting evening. The Porn Movie, that Sergeant Tom Lansford
had shot, with the intension of being a camera training piece, had been
received well... extremely well, by the men of the House. All extremely
good looking, sex oriented gay men. The video had been shot in the House
where these men reside. One of the men, 22-year-old Private Porter had
expressed his delight at seeing his buddies in the house be so intensely
engaged in a sex movie with other mutual buddies. "It's very different
watching these men fucking on video than seeing them hang around naked at
the house watching TV or drinking Coffee in the morning. It's intensely
arousing to watch.

Such inspired play wore into the night, fueled by the visual effects of the
hot men, the players, and lots of warm beer.

The following morning was a bit slower than usual around the House, though
there were lots of residents found cuddling with other of their House mates
in various places around their small apartment compound. Less than half
wound up sleeping in their own beds, many woke up sticky, wet or
both. Happily, some of the men woke up with full bladders and hard morning
wood. Such is typical when one was drinking several beers the night
before. In this house, a full bladder is considered an opportunity. This
morning several of the men found their way to last night's scene of the
crime: The Shower Room. A 5 head shower space walled in on 3 sides by
glass. If the builders had installed bleachers, they would be continually
filled. Showering in the House is definitely a showcase for the other
occupants of the House to observe their elite roommates. One could
definitely communicate what kind of sexual kink one might be looking for
just by watching the men in the showers. In most instances a resident might
simply approach another Army brother and say, `Busy?' If the man they're
speaking to is horny, you might hear `what do you got in mind?' Sometimes,
the answer would just be a hand on one's penis... or a kiss. These men are
not very shy.

The men very seldom got into any kind of committed relationship. There is
little point. If you're a member you can pretty much have anyone you
want. House members aren't allowed to refuse any other member of the
House. But there are creative ways to say no... simply say something about
a project or report that's due. But why would you? The men are universally
sexy, gorgeous and available. Some of the men appreciate the relationship
between Private Jones and Sergeant Lansford, because they almost never say
NO. But they're definitely keeping an eye on Master Sergeant Zelsky's
involvement with the other two men. Nobody wants to be excluded, especially
when the reward is Sergeant Zelsky's very big dick... or the fact that he's
6'3".

So, parties like the one the night before is an incredible-free-for-all
opportunity to see what's possible. Private Chris Darnell found out the
easy way. But he wasn't able to complete his mission. Oh, well, maybe next
time. There is no doubt, however, that he enjoyed the experience.

The men of the House woke up focused on sex because they went to sleep
focused on sex. When Tom Lansford and Kevin Jones made it down a little
late to partake of the morning coffee, a couple of the men wanted to chat
with both Tom and Kevin about any plans they might have for an upcoming
porn movie production. "Can I get a cup of coffee or two in me before we go
there... Please? I'm working on fewer brain cells than normal." The men
definitely have a good relationship with their new Sergeant. They all feel
that he's one of them so he definitely has to ration out his attention. He
loves these guys. And he especially loves First Class Private Jones.

Kevin, Tom, Zelsky and Anton wind up at the small kitchen table, each with
a cup of coffee in their hands. All of them not willing to give up their
seat until they have consumed a second cup shortly. "Hey, Sergeant," Anton
breaks the silence. "We have some eggs we can scramble. Whaddya think?
Shall we heat up that pan... get out the toaster?"

"What?" Kevin asks. "That is so awesome. When were you gonna mention that,
Tom?"

Tom looks a little sheepishly. "I guess I forgot... with all the activity
yesterday afternoon. Anton, shall we do this together?"

"It's your unit. You tell me," Anton responds.

"Dude... it was your idea. Let's do this." Tom credits Anton. "Do we have
to wear clothes to cook eggs?"

"Not as long as we don't splatter any hot butter, we'll be fine." Anton
says.

Kevin is rubbing his hands together with excitement. "I'm so hungry after
last night. I need food."

"Kevin, get some plates, napkins and forks ready... "Tom says. "And watch
what happens `cause you're likely to inherit this quickly. Hey, do we have
a bowl or a whisk?"

Kevin shrugs his answer. Anton says, "I'm not sure. I don't remember seeing
one."

Tom: "we can make 3 different pan-fulls of a dozen eggs. That's easy and
it'll be fresh if we do that."

Anton found a good-sized bowl that they've used for popcorn. "I'll break a
dozen eggs at a time, you cook." Anton tells Tom.

"Good thought, Anton." "Kevin, get the toast going please... Oh yeah,
there's a toaster in your office on the floor. Probably still in the box."

Word spread through the House that Tom and Anton and Kevin were making
scrambled eggs for breakfast. "I wonder why they are doing that now?" Noah
asked Owen.

"I think Anton had something to do with that. He always liked breakfast and
Sergeant Brown wasn't a fan of the kitchen being made a mess of..." Owen
told him. "But I'm just guessing."

When breakfast was ready 7 minutes later, both Owen and Noah were right
there at the head of the line to get a plate filled. Noah asked Kevin, "Do
we have to give somebody head or something?"

Kevin responded, "Yes, but not until after you've finished."

Tom heard the chatter and said "It's okay, we can collect later," as he
smiled at Noah and passed the two scrambled eggs to Kevin to include a
piece of buttered toast and then hand it to Noah.

Noah: As Kevin handed the plate to him, "It's okay Sir. I'll be happy to
suck your dick anytime, anywhere. I doubt that you'll have to keep track of
those details with any of the men in the House. We love you guys... And
thanks for the eggs."

Owen added: "That goes for me too, Sir."

Zelsky was the next one in line, hearing what Noah and Owen had told Tom,
he adds, "Me too, Sir... and I'll suck your cock in front of anyone in the
House, whenever you tell me."

"I think you know that I'm gonna take you up on that, Sergeant." Tom tells
Alex. Tom thought about leaning over the eggs on the counter to kiss Zelsky
but considered that it was a hot electric skillet between them and it
didn't seem very practical.

A dozen of the men at the house partook of the breakfast served. "I think
that went really well, Tom," Anton commented.

"Zelsky and Kevin both agreed. "Are we doing this every day?"  Kevin
asked. "It would be hard to skip days after we've done this for a while. I
think we should. I'll help."

"Tell you what. Let's ask the guys what they want. We didn't do that
today." Tom says, "And I must say, I don't want any of us to have to get up
earlier to give up our morning coffee time. So let's think this through. It
could probably only take 2 minutes if we prepare it right. It's like the
coffee gets made the night before, right?"

"Yeah, but we can't make scrambled eggs the night before... besides, who
makes the coffee?" Kevin asks. Is it you, Anton?

"Nope. It used to be Greg Miller but I don't know who does it when he's
away from the house." Anton says.

"Well, that's crazy." Tom scratches his face. "I should know this."

"Probably. We all should." Kevin adds.  "I'll ask Greg."

Noah and Owen ask to talk with Tom "... if you're not too busy."

"Sure... what's the subject?" Tom asks. "Let's sit down at the table."

"The subject is about how we can make more porn." Noah tells Tom. "I think
there's got to be a way we can make some extra money. I'd like to help pull
this together however you need."

"Me too," Owen adds.

Kevin, who has been cleaning up the kitchen, eavesdropping on the
conversation, adds, "Me three."

"God, Kevin... Of course. You're the star." Noah responds.

"I'm glad to know that you're thinking about this. I am too. I really loved
making our little experimental art-film video.  It wouldn't be hard to put
a movie together, we all live together. Let's include Anton and Zelsky in
the conversation. But right now, we have some priorities to work through. I
want you three guys to make a list of things that occur to you. Maybe a
video, or an issue that we need to figure out. I'll do the same. But we
need to focus on this situation with the General First. So let me figure
that out first.

"Tom, I'm going back up to Your office to check on Sergeant Brown, unless
you need me for something." Anton tells his Sergeant.

"I'm good. I'll be up there myself in a while." Tom tells him.

Kevin: "I'm gonna go for the run. Want to come with?" He asks Tom.

"I think I'll skip it... but Alex will probably go running with you."

"Cool. I'm hoping to get a workout in after the Run." Kevin announces.

"I will likely be up in my office. Call me when you're done." Sergeant
Lansford tells Kevin.

Tom, finding himself alone in the kitchen, finishes his cold cup of
coffee. It was a bit awful. So, he rinsed the cup and took a swig of water
and gargled it... spitting it out in the kitchen sink. He walks around the
corner to the showers and almost immediately found himself in the company
of Private Owen West. "Well, this is unusual, finding you alone. Your cock
is typically in somebody's mouth. I'm typically looking for an opportunity
when I see your very sexy dick in the morning..."

"Well, that's a nice compliment. Why is that?" Tom queries.

"I'm guessing it's because it's partially inflated in the
morning... probably because you have a full bladder. I think maybe Kevin is
the beneficiary of that that most of the time. I try not to stare, but It's
always fun to watch you three in action. I certainly wouldn't want to
intrude. I hope I'm not out of line to ask if I might have a taste."

"You're fine. I do have a mostly full bladder."

Owen walks over to Tom and kneels down and opens his mouth to accept the
nice, thick 10+ inch semi hard cock into his mouth. Tom is a little shocked
that Owen could take such a satisfyingly large amount of cock down his
throat on the first attempt. Owen sucks on it for a short
while. "Sergeant. I'm very thirsty." Private West hopes to guzzle some
piss, hoping to encourage some action by massaging Tom's cock by massaging
the piss slit with his tongue, demonstrating himself an expert.

"Happy to oblige. I love it when you suck my cock like that while I'm
feeding you. That's perfect." Tom tells him. Owen continues to drink for as
long as Tom's tap is flowing. A couple of the other House residents,
walking past the glassed shower room, take note that their Sergeant is
enjoying alternate consumers.

When Tom's bladder runs dry, Owen goes to work on extracting some tasty cum
and he spends the next 5 minutes sucking Tom's cock, alternating with
licking his balls, encouraging them to release the reward he's searching
for. "I can tell that you really love your job, don't you?" The new
Sergeant comments. "I can see why your clients always ask for you."

"I love my job. I like sexy men," Owen answers when he takes a short
break. I certainly love your cock, sir. It fills my mouth so
completely. Kevin is a lucky boy."

"Put my dick back in your mouth... It's not polite to talk with your mouth
full." Tom grinned down at the 27-year-old stud. "We can chat after your
interview."

Owen chuckled with Tom's dick still in his mouth... and raised his eyebrows
a couple of times to let Tom know that he was following his orders. And
when Tom blew a load into Owen's mouth, Owen was diligent about letting the
cock slide out of his mouth only very slowly, licking and cleaning all 10
inches as though going through a car wash tunnel. "That was so good. We
could make a porn movie of just that."

"Yes, Sir. I'm up for that. You want to be in the movie with me?" Owen
asked. Tom didn't answer, but went to step back under the shower head and
clean his entire body in under a minute.

"Hey Owen. Would you take a poll for me. Ask the guys if they liked us
serving breakfast. See if they have any ideas about that." Tom probes. Owen
agrees.

Tom dries off as he walks back up to Apartment 14 to get dressed. Just as
he enters the small quarters Private Sebastian Carter sticks his head in
the door. "Got a minute?"

"Sure, Seb. What's up?" Tom asks.

"I just wanted to tell you how much we all appreciate what you do for
us. We love living here, but we love it more now that you're in charge. We
always liked Sergeant Brown, but he kind of kept us at a distance and you
don't do that. We appreciate that you're living amongst us. That you ask
questions about life here. That you take showers with us..." Seb's voice
trails off as he tries to get to the point.

"Do any of you guys find it difficult that Kevin and I... and sometimes
Zelsky play in the open, like we do?" Tom asks.

"Are you kidding? We love it. It's a real motivator for the men here at the
House. To be honest, sometimes we find that sex around here is boring
because we are, in fact, sex workers, you know? But you and Kevin make sex
kinky and fun and kind of inspirational for the rest of us. I mean, we all
are subs, but it's most exciting when we've got exceptionally sexy
leadership playing along beside us, having fun too. In fact, for a long
while, before Kevin showed up, there was no Dom energy in the
House. Everybody is a sub here."

"Kevin isn't a Dom or a Top" Tom states.

"I know. But he's got some real good leadership skills. He excited all of
us on his first day here. It's fun to find a hot new guy in the House, but
he's way more than that. He re-inspired us out of the doldrums that many of
us were in. But we're back and we're excited and we are all talking again
with each other... and feeling each other's muscles. It's like we realize
what we can offer to our clients. I mean, if we don't have fun, our clients
won't have fun. And they have to want to tell us the information we
need... you know Sir?  I'm pretty sure all of us have experienced this.  By
the way, we all know that Kevin is Zelsky's ambassador, but all wish we had
a client like that, with a dick like that." Sebastian comments.

"So, you're saying that my 10 and a Half Inch cock isn't sufficient?" Tom
asks.

"Oh Sir, No, not what I meant. I think you have a perfect dick. I'd feel
really lucky to have a daddy with that cock, that I could service for him
every day. But Zelsky's cock is like a once in a long while, Christmas
Morning present in a box cock... Like once a year. More than one mouth can
handle, kind of thing. I do remember hearing that you took Zelsky's dick in
your ass when Kevin couldn't. That's pretty awesome. How'd you do that?"
Seb questions.

"I wanted to. Literally, I wanted to prove to Kevin that I could. I wanted
Zelsky to know that I could handle him in his moment of need. So, I just
willed my ass to take it. It was, by the way, a lot to take. I'm not used
to getting fucked. But I felt like I had achieved a big deal."

"I'd say it was a mountain of a big deal. I love that you did that. That's
another example of the inspiration that you give us. It moves us
forward. It also gives us something to look up to," Sebastian tells Tom.

"But, Dude... all I did was get fucked." Tom states.

"But Dude," Seb fires back. "That's what we do. We are Sex Workers for the
U.S. Fuckin Army. It's important that we love our work. It's important that
we do a good job. And it's important that we have someone like you to look
up to, Sergeant."

"That's very well spoken, Sebastian." Sergeant Lansford says laughing
slightly. "Thank you for your faith in me. And I'm glad that I could help."
Tom tells him. "Put your arms around my neck, Seb." Tom puts his arms
around Seb's large neck and plants a big old kiss on Seb's lips. "I don't
have any more time this morning, but I'd love to hang out with you more
sometime soon, Seb.... Right now I have to finish dressing." Sebastian
looks surprised. Maybe disappointed.

________________________


Sergeant Lansford walks up to his new office, which is still difficult to
realize because his old boss is still occupying his desk and office
space. "Hey Anton... Is he busy?"

"He hasn't said much to me... He seems a bit distant this morning. "Anton
tells his sergeant. "I'll buzz him" Anton places an intercom call to the
inner office. "Sergeant Lansford to see you, may I send him in?  He says go
on in."

"Good morning, Sergeant... A Penny for your thoughts. You look Lost in
Space." Tom tells Tyrone.

"Yeah. I think I've let down some of the men I like most in the world. Some
old boyfriends, some of the men in the House. Zelsky, you... Greg
Miller... Me..."

"Tyrone. You haven't let anybody down that I can see. What's eating you?"

"I see how you're handling the boys. Your leadership that I've apparently
thwarted until now. Just the way things are changing. You're handling
them. I see how things are changing and it makes me wish I had taken the
bull by the horns when I had the chance."

"You know, Tyrone... I learn from everyone around me daily. You, Anton,
Zelsky, Owen, Shawn... Kevin mostly. Most of management is about
listening. You did a fine job here. But this isn't the end of your career,
Tyrone. You have a warranty for another million miles as far as I can
see. Open yourself up. Ask any of us what you want to know. Everyone around
you wants you to do great. You've got to stop second-guessing
yourself... Tell me about Greg. Is that getting serious?"

"I don't know. I'd love to think so. But I've fucked up so many casual
relationships over the last few years. I always push them away when they
want to get close. So, I actually don't know what it takes to make a
relationship real. I don't have any success to look back on when it comes
to relationships. Got any advice for that, Tom?"

"Well, I'd like to think I do. But I think that you need to know what your
own selfish needs are... I mean... are you a Dom or a Sub? "

"Jeez... Tom. I'm not sure. How do I answer that?" Tyrone questions.

"Well, I have thought of myself as a sub in the past." Tom shares. "Or
maybe I'm 50% Dom. And there are no rules saying that I have to be one way
or the other all the time. I've certainly played as both. It became clearer
to me that I am mostly Dom. It became clear when I met Kevin Jones. He
NEEDS me to be a Dom. And, as it turns out, so does Zelsky. Those two love
each other and I love both of them. I can't tell you that it will be that
way forever, but that's what it is right now. I think it's what the men you
love need from you. Does that help?"

"I guess I know that. I've been both. But I never seem to know what I want
from the men I love."

"Let me ask you this: Is there someone that you feel you want to be
with... like a lifetime commitment? Someone you can be in love with?" Tom
asks.

"It sure seems that I really like one particular guy. I'd like to think
that I'm seeing Greg Miller. We have been together a few times. He's very
sexy and knows how to push my buttons... or at least lick them." Tyrone
looks up grinning sheepishly. "I let go of him earlier when I thought that
maybe he liked me because of my rank, and I didn't want to pull rank on him
so I didn't pursue him. Now he's back and I am wondering how to keep him as
I move away and maybe back again."

Tom advises... "Have you talked to him about it? Is he aware of how you
feel? How does he feel? And are you as willing to take care of him as he is
of you and your needs?"

"I've been avoiding that conversation. I don't want to make any promises
that I can't keep." Tyrone admits.

"Have the conversation, Tyrone. You both need that. You're afraid that
you'll lose him, but you can't keep him by avoiding the conversation."
Sergeant Lansford advises. "That's an order."

"Yes, Sir... Thanks Tom."

"So, anyway... on another subject. Can you tell me something about General
Thomas? Is he most likely gay? What's your guess?" Sergeant Lansford asks.

"I imagine so. I don't know for a fact. What are you going to do?"

"I think maybe he needs an ambassador. So, if you have any info that could
help me, I need to know." Tom reveals. "He knows exactly what we do, right?
He knows that our ambassadors gather intel for him, yes?"

"He does." Replies the First Sergeant. "Who would you appoint to be an
ambassador to the General? That could be dangerous for you... you know
that, right?"

"Yeah, I understand. But for the good of the unit I have to figure this
out... and as far as WHO... I have to know more about the man, and what his
preferences are. I'm sure he'll want to meet all the men in the unit. I'll
have to pay attention to his facial expressions when he does." Sergeant
Lansford speculates.

"By the way, Tom... I've heard that I'm leaving here in ten days for
Officer Training. We need to figure out what to do with my house.

"We can look after it for you if you'd like. The Twins come to mind. We're
not sure what to do with them though it seems that they're very happy at
the House. They are in love with working out in the gym. They're getting
very ripped, the longer they are here... We could rent it out, but, aren't
you thinking that you're going to be coming back to run this base?" Tom
asks. "If you do, won't you still want the house? It's a sweet little
house... and it's a great spot for you in the future, especially if you
wind up with a partner... isn't it?

"I keep thinking about all of that. How to balance all of what I want. It
occurs to me that I should start with a clean slate, and..."

"Wait, Stop! You can always sell the place. What you can't do is get it
back when you find out that you should have kept it. Cash depreciates. Real
Estate goes up in value. None of my business, but I'd love to own a house
like that. I don't want to see you make a decision that you'll regret.

"Well, then... why don't I sell it to you? I'll make you a great deal,
Tom."

"Look, I'm certainly willing to discuss it, but I don't know how much the
bank would require to qualify for a loan. Can we figure out what you want
and we'll discuss it in two or three days?" Tom suggests.

"Yeah, but I can tell you it's not a high price neighborhood. I had a
realtor come by, and she guessed that I could sell it for Two Hundred
Twenty Five thousand dollars." Tyrone quotes.

"That's helpful information. Let me look into my finances. And we'll
talk. Zelsky's been there, right? I want to pick his brain. That won't get
in your way, will it? Tom questions.

"Nope. It's no problem." Tyrone says.

"I'm gonna go find Zelsky. I'll get back to you with any
updates... probably by the end of the day." Sergeant Tom Lansford tells
Tyrone.

Tom walks back to the House... writing a text to Zelsky. "Need to meet
up. You Free? OMW to the House. TL"

Message from Zelsky: "In the gym. Meet U there in 20 mins."

Tom calls Anton while walking to the House. "Hey, Anton. I was deep in
thought as I walked past your desk. Are you stuck at the desk at this
point? ... Okay, I'm going to ask you to join me and Zelsky in Tyrone's
office in about half an hour? Good. Let him know that we'll be there
please."

Tom goes in and finds Kevin Jones sitting at his new desk in his new
office. "Hey Kevin. You familiar with this computer? You need some
assistance from Anton?"

"Anton helped me set up a password, but I have to find what all the
programs do. I'm not especially a computer guy. Do you need something?"
Kevin asks.

"I do. I want to get your feedback on the twins. And I probably want to get
you to talk with them about what's going to happen. We're going to be
discussing their future shortly."

"Whaddaya mean?" Kevin looks shocked.

"Only that we've discussed a few different possible plans for them, like
business opportunities and they just don't ever materialize It's probably
not good for them to live only here at the House. They're not
military. Tyrone kind of adopted them but now he's leaving. We can't just
do nothing. We have to figure this out, and they think that you're their
master. So, you need to be part of this." Sergeant Lansford reminds his
younger friend. "I'm not mad at you, Kevin, but this will fester into an
open wound if we don't deal with it."

Kevin is annoyed. "They haven't done anything wrong. We can't just throw
them out."

"I never said anything like that. But just forgetting that we all accepted
this obligation when they arrived here doesn't solve anything." Tom
responds. "I want to involve Sergeant Zelsky in this conversation. We have
a few different things to discuss. He'll be here in a few minutes... and,
btw, did you remember to call the tailor to come over?"

"Oh god, right. I forgot." Kevin admits.

"I'll let you know when we get to this subject so you can join us," Tom
tells Kevin.

Sergeant Alexander Zelsky arrives from the gym a few moments later, wearing
his gym workout clothes and displaying every swole muscle in his body. Tom,
wearing his military fatigues reaches out and pulls Alex in for a big kiss
and tells him, "You are so sexy." Zelsky smiles proudly back at his Dom
pal. "Let's go sit down. I need your advice on 2 or 3 things."

The two walk into Family Room where nobody is sitting and make themselves
comfortable, with Zelsky on the couch and Tom sitting on the matching,
upholstered Love seat. Zelsky, leans over and takes Toms hand and places it
on his own knee. Tom Just smiles back but doesn't jerk his hand
away. "First subject is General Thomas. I've given this some thought. What
if, when he comes out, we just sit down with him and lay our cards on the
table. We tell him exactly what we're doing. We observe his reaction to
it. Maybe we even offer to involve him."

"Involve him, how?" Zelsky asks.

"I suspect he's likely gay or bi or something kinky. If he were ONLY a
straight guy he probably wouldn't have allowed this unit to go on for so
long without any intervention if he wasn't into it at some level,
sexually. I remember hearing Tyrone talk about this guy as it relates to
"discipline". My guess is that this wasn't some accidental term. He was
being suggestive. I'm guessing that he was probably interested in
Tyrone. So, we need to figure out exactly what he's looking for. I'm
guessing we can introduce him to some of our boys and see what he responds
to... probably we should ease into that after he's witnessed them marching
and he gets a view of what they look like. He's not gonna want to harm
these guys. "

"That's all?" Alex asks

"No, I think that he probably fits the profile of most of our Brass
Clients. I think he might be in need of an ambassador to take care of
him..." Tom states.

"I see. And who would that be? Alex asks.

"I don't know yet. We'd ask him. Better yet, we can observe him when we
introduce the men. They are, after all, his agents. I think he'll reveal
himself. Think about it, he knows who all of our Senior Men are that
partake of an ambassador. I think we should find out if he personally knows
any of these guys. We can figure this out." Tom confides.

"I think you're probably right when you present it like that. But I think
we should include Tyrone in the conversation and ask him some particulars
about Thomas if he can remember." Zelsky submits,"... see if he knows who
Thomas's friends were. But you said two or 3 things... what else?"

"We need Kevin in here for this. I want to figure out what we're gonna do
with the twins." Tom tells his large friend.

Alex stands up and walks over to the office. "Kevin, Tom wants you in this
conversation." Kevin walks out of his office, his eyes landing on Alex's
gym wear and his bulging biceps. Kevin is surprised by Zelsky's tight, sexy
clothing.

"I've only seen you naked or in a uniform. Your gym clothes are very hot,
Sir." Kevin tells Zelsky as he stares at the muscled ass walking in front
of Kevin into the Family Room.

"Tom wants to discuss the twins... Tom, what's the goal?" Zelsky asks,
getting right to business.

"Funny you should put it like that. The goal is to change the current
status. Right now, these guys are living in the house. They work out like
prison inmates. We've given them a few business options that are pretty
good, but nothing ever happens. I'm not sure why. Right now, these guys are
enthralled with our porn production the other day and they want to be porn
stars. They love gay sex. They've told us they want to be our slave
boys. They love living here but they also did well when they lived at
Tyrone`s house for a couple weeks. They even cleaned up the place at his
house in one day at my direction. They did great work. They installed the
cameras here in the House. They are a little handyman and the thing that
they don't have is direction it seems."

"Now, here's another issue that I have to share with the both of you," Tom
offers. "Tyrone is thinking of selling his house and he's offered it to me
to buy, which is why we're discussing the rest of this. It made me
think. The twins are great guys, but they're living in a military
facility. I'm not sure that can just go on forever. General Thomas is going
to come here and might ask questions that I don't have any answers to. So,
we have to figure out how to help these guys out. Got any thoughts on this?
"

"I do. We want them to be handymen because we know that's what they can
do. I'm gonna guess that they can make some good money that way. You may
not know this, Zelsky, but these guys ran away from their overly zealous
Mormon family who didn't approve of their being gay. Anton and I found them
at the Dore Alley street fair. They had nowhere to go," Private Jones
explains. "They had no money and we let them follow us here, mostly to
protect them. It was Tyrone`s decision to adopt these guys like we did. But
it seems like they just keep hanging here because they love being with
us. I don't think it's a bad thing. But I understand what Tom is
saying... that they can't just keep on living here without any direction
from us. I guess this is partly my fault because I just looked at these
guys as being these two very cute twins. I guess we just have to make some
decisions. But I sure hope that we can do something good for them. I don't
want to see them get hurt. They really are our friends."

"Well, I think everybody can get what they want." Tom states. "It's not
like they don't wanna work. They seem industrious. They just don't know how
to go about getting jobs and they're living here because we told them to
live here... because it was convenient for us. I don't want to see anything
bad happened to these guys either. I don't wanna kick them out on the
street. Let's figure out how they can serve themselves and us at the same
time ... they just need some direction from us."

"Let me ask you this: how much potential handiwork do we have around the
House?" Zelsky queries. "What about the rest of the base? Do we know any of
the other sergeants who might need some help in their facilities? And
another idea that occurs to me is that these guys could be here., and help
out the house with nutrition, coffee, service, cooking, if they're good
cooks... There's probably shopping duties that could be utilized. And on
top of that, how would they do handiwork without being able to get around?
It seems that these guys could be utilized in a whole bunch of ways, given
some meager Army pay... seems like a car is the most major issue and if you
do buy Tyrone's house, would you have some projects for the boys there? "

Kevin adds, "Tyrone had an idea that he was going to give them, or sell
them his old car and he was gonna buy something new. I don't know whatever
happened with that. Let's ask him what he's gonna do with his car. That
would be good to know. "

"I love the idea about these guys doing cooking and coffee. That would
answer so many questions. Can they cook?" Tom asks.

"Can I go find them and ask?" Kevin asks.

"Do it." Sergeant Lansford tells him.

"Let's stay focused on this for the moment. Get it resolved. Then we should
go talk with Tyrone and see what he's willing to do." Sergeant Zelsky
recommends.

Kevin returns with the Deke and David, both wearing only gym shorts. "Hi."
David waves his hand.

"We need to discuss what's going on with you guys," Tom tells the twins.

"Did we do something bad?" David asks.

"You did not," Tom responds authoritatively. "But we need to get you
working, and some of that might be here at the House. Do you guys cook at
all?" Tom asks.

"Yes," the boys tell Tom in unison, nodding.

"We'd like for you to prepare the coffee in the morning. Can you do that?"
Tom asks. The twins just look at Tom, staring at him, trying to follow the
question, without uttering a word. "Is that something that you know how to
do?" Tom asks again.

There is a quiet in the room for about 10 seconds, nobody saying a
word. "You don't like how we do that?" Deke asks. Now it's Tom's turn to
look blankly at the twins.

"I don't know... What do you mean?" Tom replies.

"When we make the coffee every morning, don't you like it? We thought we
were doing it right." David tells the men.

"You guys are m-making the coffee in the m-morning?" Tom stammers as though
he'd seen a ghost. The Boys nod waiting for Tom to continue. "I didn't know
you were doing that. Who told you to do that?"

"Anton told Greg, but he had to leave so he told Tim. Tim had to leave for
a couple of days, so he asked Bill Palmer and then he had to go away for a
few days but he showed us how to clean out the pot and fill it with water
and then set the timer for 0400 hours so it was ready for you when you get
up because you like coffee ready by 0500 hours," Deke states.

"I do? I mean, Yes, I do. Thank you. Do you like having that job? Do we pay
you for this?" Tom asks.

"No. I mean, yes. You pay us by letting us live here." David tells him.

"Would you like some other chores to do around here? We'd like you to cook
breakfast, and clean up the kitchen. Go shopping, Vacuum.

"We do some of that now. We vacuum. And we clean up the kitchen when we set
up the coffee machine every night." Deke says.

"When do you vacuum?" Tom queries

"When you're gone. We do it mostly when there's nobody here to disturb. We
do beds too." Deke states.

"What does that mean?" Tom asks.

"Some of the guys ask for us to wash their dirty sheets and make their
beds.."

"Do they pay you?" Tom questions.

"They let us suck their cocks. We love that. We're slaves, remember? That's
what we love doing. We love all the men here, Sir." David states.

"Did you know about this, Kevin?" Tom probes a little deeper.

"Yes. I saw them vacuuming twice. And I saw them making beds once, but it
didn't occur to me that they'd been instructed to do this. This is wild."
Kevin says, turning to the boys. "But if I'm your master, why didn't you
ask me about these chores?"

"You told us that we could have more than one master." David says." We just
thought that you didn't want to be our master anymore."

"Oh, gosh, guys. I just meant you could have sex with more guys than just
me."

"And we do. We pretty much have sex with everybody here. We are really
happy living here." Deke says.

Tom pretty much buried his face in his hands, not really sure if he should
laugh or cry. "Guys. We need to talk about getting you wheels. You need to
be able to accept jobs that can earn you some cash. Some money you can save
for yourselves. Understand?"

"Yes." The twins say in unison.

"We'll figure this car thing out. Okay?" Tom interjects.

"Yes Sir." David says. "Can we still do video stuff, like make movies? We
think we could make some money that way too."

"I will talk to you about it after I've figured out what we can
do... okay?" Tom asks.

"Yes, Sir." The twins get up and walk back upstairs. "Don't forget to tell
us what to do." David says to the three men.

Tom: "I think we need to go visit Sergeant Brown."

"You want me to come with you? "Kevin asks.

"Yeah... I think Tyrone is expecting us."

Kevin: " I have t put a shirt on... and boots."

When the three amigos arrive at Tyron's office, they check in with
Anton... "You ready to join us.?" Tom asks.

Anton presses the intercom button on his desk phone and says, "The meeting
contingent has arrived... okay."

Tom gingerly taps on the inner door. And the three men enter...

"Have a seat." Anton and Kevin grab 2 extra chairs. "Looking pretty great
there Sergeant Zelsky."

"Thank you, Sergeant Brown." Zelsky smiles.

Tom starts. "So, let's chat about the Twins. I'd like to have a path for
these boys to follow by the end of this conversation. We offered the boys
some jobs at the House like making coffee, cleaning up... but it turns out
that they're already doing much of it, even when we're not around. In their
minds they're doing this in trade for a place to live. The problem, as I
see it, is that they need to be more productive than that and they need to
make some money. We think that we need to figure out how to help with
transportation for them. So, we're here to figure out what you're doing
with your car. Are you still thinking of buying something new?" Tom asks
very directly.

"Ah, yes, I did have plans to buy a new car, which became moot when I found
I was going to attend Officer Training. And, frankly, I forgot my
commitment to the twins. So... I will give them my car as of 3 days from
now if they'll chauffeur me around when I need to go somewhere, including
home and office, because I won't have another car. I'll take one of them
down to get an oil change maybe tomorrow and show him all the peculiarities
of the car... though it's really pretty simple. They were going to pay for
the car over time, but it's not worth a whole lot.

"Thanks for that. I think we'll get them to put money into a fund so they
can buy a van or pickup eventually. But we won't tell them that right away,
we'll just deposit it into a bank account." Tom states. "We'll put the
vehicle in their name and get it insured."

"We need to talk about general Thomas. I know we spoke about it this
morning, but we are comparing notes and we started to focus on some of the
men who utilize our ambassadorial services, Tom states. "I believe that
General Thomas is aware of who these individuals are by name. We are
wondering if he knows any of them personally. We're wondering if we can
figure out that he is in fact, gay. That may change our approach in dealing
with him. Do you know if he personally knows any of our clientele?"

"Yes, I'm sure that he does. He and I have spoken on a couple of occasions
about certain of our clients as they were revealing information a couple of
years back. And he did know who they were. At the time, it occurred to me
that they could have simply given the general the same information without
going through us. They probably just wanted to be having some fun so they
shared the information with our ambassador. Do you want me to try to
remember who that was? We don't keep records of these interactions because
we don't want anybody to become embarrassed, down the line. I will have to
concentrate. Maybe I can remember who our ambassador was... I'll have to
get back to you." Sergeant Brown tells the men.... "Wait.. it had to be
Private Sebastian Carter or Arlo Thompson... maybe Owen West. They're the
only one's who would've been here back then."

"Would they have been part of the conversation do you remember?" Zelsky
asks.

"You should ask each of them. But General Thomas was Colonel Thomas most
likely when this conversation would have occurred. I'll let you know if I
remember anything else." Sergeant Brown commits.

"Okay... One more thing, Sergeant Brown... Would you like to have a dinner
party at your house or a Larger Party with everyone at the HOUSE, house? We
won't embarrass you unless you want to be embarrassed." Tom tells the First
Sergeant.

"I'd prefer a smaller gathering at my house." Brown says. "And see if Greg
might be available to attend."

"Okay, you have to tell me or Anton when you want that to happen... and one
other last thing. I don't think you'll be with us for Folsom Fair. I
believe you might be leaving for Officer Training prior to that... Sorry."
Tom tells Tyrone. Tyrone shrugs his shoulders in a "oh well" gesture. But
all four men knew he was disappointed.

"When you are at Officer training school, do you have any idea what your
quarters will be like?" Tom asks.

" I don't know. But it's the army so I can't imagine it's too
luxurious. Why do you ask?" Sergeant Browne inquires.

"Because I thought maybe that we could bring you into our little
network. Maybe assign an ambassador to you that could visit you once in a
while. I won't offer that until I know you can accommodate such a thing."
Sergeant Lansford stated, smiling. "I'll get you connected whenever you
say, Sergeant."

"... you're just trying to corrupt me, Sergeant." Tyrone says.

"I wasn't thinking you needed any help with that. You've done so well on
your own... but isn't that what we do here?" Sergeant Tom asks playfully. "
Our ambassadors trade sex for information."

All the men chuckle and then get up from the meeting to leave.  Tom says
"I'll be out in a minute." He hangs back for a moment to touch base with
Anton.

As Anton sits down at his new desk, Sergeant Lansford says, "Kevin is going
to need some help with most of those programs on the computer."

"Yes, I know. I'll do my best, but what I don't want to do is become his
tech service."

"He just doesn't have a computer background yet. I'm sure he'll grow into
this quickly. He is 19 years old after all. It comes with the territory. It
will come naturally for him." Tom observes. "So, Zelsky and I are going to
talk with three of our ambassadors and see if they recall Colonel
Thomas. So, I'll see you in a while."

As he walks out the doors and down the steps Tom finds Alex and Kevin
waiting and chatting with one another, fluidly sharing thoughts about the
search for General Thomas' possible cohorts and their appreciation for each
other's hot asses... Tom listens for a moment before giving direction to
his pals.

"Let's each go talk to one of the likely ambassadors. I'll take Seb. Kevin,
you find Arlo Thompson. Zelsky, you talk with Owen. Assuming we can find
them, we can compare notes in an hour or so and focus on how to follow
through. Does that work?" Sergeant Lansford asks for confirmation of his
plan.

"Good Plan." Zelsky tells him. Kevin nods in agreement. They continue
walking toward the House, each one a bit somber, knowing that they were
getting closer to the bottom of the General Thomas issue. Exciting on one
hand and ominous on the other, knowing that it has the potential to explode
like a grenade in their hands.

Zelsky found Owen up in his room, naked, masturbating alone on his
bed. "Can I come in, Owen?"

"Sure," Owen said, but very surprised with Sergeant Zelsky entered his
private apartment, dressed in his gym clothes, displaying his awesome legs
and arms... not to mention his chest. "Oh god, Sir. I didn't realize it was
you. "

"No problem. I'm intruding into your space. And it's certainly not a
surprise to see a sexy, handsome soldier with a very nice boner in this
House. Do you need me to come back in a few moments?" Zelsky offers.

"No. Not really," Owen answers pleadingly. "Do you want to watch me finish
or do you want me to stop?"

"Watch, I think," Zelsky said calmly as he sat down on the bed and reached
over and tugged gently on Owen's balls. Owen's facial expression changed
quickly to surprise and grateful, speeding up his stroking pace as if to
get it out of the way. "Slow down. Take your time. Enjoy this." Zelsky's
meaty fingertips leaving his balls and gently dragging across Owen's inner
thighs repeatedly until the head of his 9-inch cock got noticeably larger,
swelling up in anticipation of the impending explosion. When his cock shot
off it was intense enough to shoot on to his own left nipple. Zelsky
reached up and scooped up a glob of white ejaculate with the tip of his
forefinger and placed it on Owen's bottom lips...and then wiped the tiny
bit of excess moisture on Owen's right nipple, simultaneously tweaking it.

"Thank you, sir. I'm glad you came by when you did." Owen told Zelsky.

"Glad I could help. When you've come down from that, I want to ask you to
try to remember some details about something from the past." Zelsky
said. "Take your time."

Meanwhile, Sergeant Lansford finds Private Sebastian Carter watching a porn
video in the Family Room. Seb is naked and alone, playing with his
balls. When Sergeant Lansford showed up, Seb smiles but holds his hands
over his balls as if to protect himself from embarrassment. "Are you
embarrassed because I'm dressed in fatigues and you're naked?" Tom chides.

"May beee. I don't know. But maybe a little," Seb responds.

"Seb, you can't be seriously embarrassed. We kissed last night and you
weren't embarrassed and we were both naked." Tom says. "Why the fuck would
you be embarrassed now?"

Sebastian shyly opens up: "this is kind of hard to tell you, Sir. I've
thought that you are the sexiest sergeant around for a while... but when
you told me to put my arms around you last night, and we kissed, I got
amazingly hard and then I couldn't think of anyone other than you all
night. You were so sweet. I'm sorry." Seb lowers his head as if
ashamed. "I'm an Army guy. I'm pretty much a straightforward guy. I blushed
like crazy after you left, Sir, and Kevin Jones is one of the nicest guys
around here. I would never want to hurt him. I've gotta shut up now." Tom
leaned forward and kissed Sebastian on the lips for 12 seconds and then
backed off a few inches, reaching for his hands. "Thank you, sir. You just
made my day."

"I hope we can get to the point where you don't feel self-conscious around
me. I'd love to be able to touch you without putting you to shame. I
certainly don't want to make you uncomfortable... ever." Sergeant Lansford
tells Sebastian.

"Sergeant, look, I'm an experienced, kinky pig. I love sex with all the
guys here. I've lived here for a long while and I don't think that I'd be
as happy anywhere else." Seb opens up. "You are very different than most of
the guys here. You don't seem jaded. I love what you have done to make the
House fun again. I love your persona. I love your body. I love your dick. I
even love your boyfriend. You're the complete package, Sir. I hope we get
to play once in a while. I really appreciate you. I'm not here to cause you
trouble in any way. It would probably help me if I can just get used to
being around you."

"Seb, I've worked for Sergeant Brown for 3 years now as his Corporal. We've
talked several times. I would have thought you'd be used to me by now." Tom
tells the 26-year old Private.

"Yes Sergeant, I can appreciate what you're saying, but I don't remember
you ever coming down to the House. I don't remember that we even talked
more than just over the phone. Do you remember meeting me, Sir?"

"I remember you coming into Sergeant Brown's office. I actually had a file
that I needed to put on his desk and you were on your knees, sucking his
cock. But we didn't speak." Tom recalls."

"I guess I didn't see you. I was pretty focused on how to service that huge
cock. I had a complaint by a client who I'd visited and he apparently
complained about my not having enough experience to give good
head. Sergeant Brown was just being supportive and coaching me to get
better at doing it. So, I wasn't really feeling very social about that
time. I thought he was going to drop me from the program. But I didn't want
to leave."

"I'm sure you didn't. What was going through your head at the time?"
Sergeant Lansford asks.

"I thought I was pretty good as sucking cock. I felt like it was my biggest
talent. I love doing it. I guess I'm kind of like Kevin that way. He told
me the same thing, that he loves sucking a dick. He helped a lot because he
showed me how to do it better. He's very talented.

"Yes, he is." Tom agrees.

"Would you like me to show you what he taught me?" Seb asks.

"Sure," the Sergeant responds. " But first I need to talk with you about
something. See if you might be able to recall any conversations you might
have had with a client who you heard talk about a Colonel Billy
Thomas. Just focus on that name for a while.

"Can I suck your dick while I'm thinking? It'll help me focus."

"Um... sure. If you think it'll help." Tom tells Seb.

"I think it helps when I have something else to focus on." Seb tells his
Sergeant. "Your dick will fit in my throat perfectly. I love to suck a long
cock."

"Maybe it will be long enough to stimulate that recall button in your
head." Tom says, willing his cock to get harder and more responsive.

Seb: "mmMMMmm ayyyybeee." And keeps on sucking.

"Hey Seb," his Sergeant reminds him. "Get on my balls."

"Yes SIR." Seb lifts the Sergeant's low hangers up and licks underneath
sucking the orbs into his mouth, one at a time."

"That's so good. Seb," Tom tells him, spitting onto his fingers and
reaching around to Seb's ass, and getting his ass wet with his fingers,
feeling inside his hole.

"Thank you sir..." Seb tells his Sergeant as he goes back to sucking his
shaft down his throat with his complete focus.

Tom unexpectedly blows his load down Seb's throat. "Oh My God. Yes. That
was great." Tom announces.

"Yeah. It's what Kevin taught me: The meal has to get prepared before it
can be served... and it was delicious, by the way." Sebastian adds.

"So, did that jog your memory?" The Sergeant asks.

"Yes, I remember, but his name is blank in my head. I have to think
more... Maybe... it's a name like FUCK but it's not... I keep flashing `a
fuck.' Oh, I REMEMBER." Sebastian says proudly. "It's Arnold Frick.
Lieutenant Arnold Frick... who didn't tell me that he knew somebody until
he said `Colonel Thomas will be happy to know."

"Do you remember what the subject was... What would Colonel Thomas be happy
to know about?" Tom asked.

"Not absolutely sure, but I kind of got the feeling that the Lieutenant was
here to see if our unit was real or not. I asked him if I could assist him
in any other ways because it was our job to help visiting brass." Seb
remembers.

"Did you tell Sergeant Brown at the time?" Questions Lansford.

"I did. But neither of us knew what it meant. Or maybe he did but didn't
share it with me. But we never discussed it and never heard from the
Lieutenant again. At least I didn't."

"Seb, did you get the feeling that this Lieutenant was gay or what?" Tom
drills down a bit more.

"I didn't know. It was like 5 years back and I had no experience then, but
I remember that his balls were shaved so I just figured that he was gay,
but also I felt like he was a big ol' bottom kind of guy and that wasn't
typical of who Sergeant Brown was signing up for the program. I couldn't
figure out why he'd be a client."

"Did you ever hear from A. Fuck again?" Tom asks in jest.

"No, ha-ha... I didn't"

"Thanks, Seb. For the Info and for the blowjob." Sergeant Lansford says.

"Anytime, Sergeant. Truly. Anytime." Private Carter tells his new crush.

Tom sends a text message to Kevin, Anton and Zelsky: "Meet me at Tyrone's
office. TL" Anton knew to inform First Sergeant Brown that the men were on
their way to continue the discussion. The Three men arrived at the
Sergeant's office moments later. Zelsky was wearing proper fatigues this
time. Tom invited Anton to join the conversation.

"Gentlemen," Tom begins to bring everyone up to date. "I think we might
have something. Seb tells me that he had an encounter with a Lieutenant
Arnold Frick who likely knew Col. Billy Thomas. Seb on met up with him once
and said that he seemed to be not in the mold of the guys Sergeant Brown
was signing up. He also made a comment that `Colonel Thomas will be happy
to know,' but Seb didn't know what he was referring to. I asked Seb if he
thought the Lieutenant was gay and he said that he thought, at the time,
that the guy was more like a bottom than a typical Army guy... and also
that he had shaved balls, which is unusual for strait military guys. Does
any of this sound familiar Sergeant Brown? Do you remember talking with
Sebastian about this guy? Do you remember how Lieutenant Frick got signed
up for this?"

"Yes, now that you recall these details... it's coming back to me"

"Did Thomas request that one of your ambassador's take care of this
Lieutenant Frick guy? Do you remember the details? Tom asks.

"Yeah. I remember that Sebastian told me that his name looked like
A. Fuck. He was recommended to us by the Colonel. YES, I do remember. Seb
and I got some laughs out of the guys name, but we kept an eye out for this
guy, but never heard another word... and so I forgot all about that... and
I wouldn't have remembered it even now if Sebastian didn't remember that
fellow." Tyrone stated.

"Do you recall Seb telling you that he had shaved balls?" Asked Tom.

"Yes, I do. Seb did a good job of informing me about this encounter. We
didn't think much about it. It was a busy period. We're still setting up
policy and communication. This is before I hired you, Tom. Part of my need
was to smooth out our engagement process.. and you helped me with that."

"Yes, I remember, but, to be honest, Sergeant, I only came in contact with
bits of paper, types of assistance requested of the ambassadors, some
communication with Anton and little else." Tom tells Tyrone, "I began to
develop forms so that you could communicate scheduling needs for your
clients. But I don't know what you did with your information sheets. I made
a copy and checked off what we'd received and details of things like
arrival and hotel. When the assignment was completed, I shredded it.

"I didn't shred them all. Some of them because like rolodex cards for me to
make reference to down the line. I forgot about that file. I haven't done
that in a long while. I'll see if there are any notes, but I doubt it, I
only kept the ones that might provide useful intel. And if they didn't
reconnect, I would pluck the rolodex card from the file, so to speak.

"So, I want to be thorough in my investigation, forgive me to repeating
myself. Think back. Did you believe that the time of `A Fuck' was your
impressed that he was gay... AND, did you think that we was connect with
Colonel Thomas? "Sergeant Lansford repeats his question.

"I try not to be judgmental, with our clients. But I must admit to having
given it some thought. I meant to ask the Colonel about this guy but he
became less involved in oversize of our unit. And it just never came up."
Sergeant Brown explained. "I feel like I've let you down."

"No, it was just a detail back then. Now, we're just looking for context on
our General. It's okay." Tom tells his former boss. "But I think I'm just
going to put it to him strait up: What's your impression of our unit." Tom
speculates. "See what he says."

"Are you still thinking that you'll ask him if he'd like to have an
ambassador assigned to him?" Sergeant Zelsky asks.

"I think I'll decide that when I hear his answer." Tom replies.


Day 41			1600 Hours.

Zelsky sends a text message to Tom and Anton: "

General Thomas jet will touch down 1100 hours tomorrow. Somebody needs to
meet him at the airport....Who?"


More to come, soon...

---

Untitled (Chapter 10)

Date: Wed, 10 Dec 2025 15:41:22 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 50

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private. This is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you
aren't interested in this subject, or this is illegal where you live,
please stop reading. But, Please Support Nifty.org:
https://donate.nifty.org/ and all the great works they archive.

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear which are your favorite characters.

Kevin Jones New Orders 50

Day 40 		0500 Hours

Tom woke up with Alex lying next to him in bed, Alex leaning on his left
elbow, kissing Tom's lips, feeding him his tongue."

"Mmmm.. good morning. Your lips taste like Kevin's ass." Tom tells
Alex. "Don't get me wrong. It's a taste I love.

Kevin groans without opening his eyes. "Why are you guys making so much
noise?"

"We're barely whispering, buddy." Alex tells him.

"Oh... It just feels so loud inside my head." Kevin says slowly.

"You think some coffee might help?" Tom asks.

"Yes, please. With Milk and Splenda?

"Yes, Kevin... you think that's enough? Do you want a protein bar or
something?" Tom asks.

"Yes, please.

"I'm going down with you," Alex tells him.

"Really? It doesn't look like it's going down at all." Tom tells Alex. "It
looks like the biggest morning wood ever...Tell you what, I'll bring you
some coffee in just a minute and then we'll figure out what to do about
that... that thing... between your legs." Tom grins mischievously. "BRB!"
Tom says as he walks out the door.

"You tired, Kevin? All that sex last evening get to you?" Alexander Zelsky
challenges the Private in a sympathetic tone.

Without opening his eyes, Kevin feels around the bed, finds Alex's inner
right thigh and runs his right hand up the skin to the tall man's balls,
and slowly up to his cock and slowly jacks it a couple times. He finds that
it's already quite ridged. Kevin pulls the large penis toward his mouth and
begins licking the head thoroughly. Only then does Kevin open his
eyes. "Oh, I thought that might be you."

Alex smiles. "Yup, it's me, alright."

"So... am I sucking my friend Alex's dick or am I acting as Sergeant
Zelsky's ambassador?" Kevin asks, just prior to taking the big cock back
into his mouth.

"I think you're asking me if I'm your superior or your equal... do I
understand your question?" Alex asks.

Kevin stops sucking Alex's cock again, just long enough to say. "Yup."

"Well, I know that you're really good at sucking cock, but I'm gonna bet
that you enjoy servicing a superior man. So... right now, I'm your Master
Sergeant, Kevin. You're performing your duty."

"Yes sir." Kevin responds enthusiastically. "Are you planning to feed me
your cum, Sir?"

"Umm, yeah... you should probably focus on doing your job, Private... I'm
close."

"That's awesome," The naked Sergeant Tom says as he re-enters the room with
3 coffees in hand. "I always appreciate good porn in the morning," He sits
down on the chair in the room and starts to stroke his own cock and he puts
his ankles on the bed in a position to watch the action and takes a sip of
coffee. "you guys always get me horny."

"You want me to suck you?" Alex asks. "Just make my balls feel good for a
couple minutes.

"I'm already close," but Tom doesn't stop stroking his hardness. Alex,
still on the brink of sharing his morning load with Kevin, flips onto his
back with his head over the edge of the bed. Tom moves the chair closer to
the edge of the bed with Alex's tongue making contact with Tom's tightening
balls. As Tom gets closer to his orgasm, he pushes his 10 +inch penis onto
Alex's lips and fires 4 ropes of cum all over Alex's lips and tongue, Tom
sticking two fingers of his right hand into Alex's mouth at the same
time... followed by another, filling Alex's mouth with cum, his cock and 3
fingers. "Clean it all, Alex, lick my fingers my sub boy. Your mouth is
full until you shoot your load." All of 10 seconds later the large Zelsky
cock fires into Kevin's mollified mouth. Heavy, satisfied inhalation
follows, but not a word is heard while the men catch their breath.

"You need to shoot?" Tom asks Kevin. "The cup on the left is yours. Milk
and Splenda!"

"I'm gonna wait `til later." Kevin responds. "I think it might be a good
day to hold my powder. Thanks for the coffee."

"Good. We need to get up and going," Tom tells the boys. "There's a lot to
accomplish around here today and I'm going to need your help. I want to see
if Anton got very far editing last night. You want to go have another cup
of coffee downstairs...?  let this room air out?

"Yeah... It does smell like a locker room in here." Alex says.

"I kinda like it." Kevin shares.

"Leave the door open," Tom tells him as they leave the room, all three men
walk out the door naked, sporting various stages of morning wood.

As they get to the Large Coffee Urn next to the Kitchen, Tom grabs 3 cups
and passes out 2. Tom still loves a little milk and Splenda with his
coffee, just like Kevin. He goes over to the four-seat table and sits,
waiting for the other two to join him. Kevin & Zelsky come sit at the
table. Private Owen West comes by to get a cuppa morning Joe. "Good
morning, private conversation or can I grab that seat?"

"Whose seat is it you want to grab?" Tom jokes.

"Ummmm, the empty one next to you." Owen responds, not sure that he's
understanding the question.

"Oh darn," Tom says pointedly to Owen, as he makes a sad face.

"God, what's up with you?" Kevin says to Tom.

"Well, you guys were really intertwined last evening. I was getting a big
eyeful of candy when I was shooting the scene. You guys really got me going
there for a while... I was hard as a rock."

"Oh, well, I was thinking we were going to get into a little group play and
then you left, suddenly... I thought, `Oh damn' there goes Tom, busy as
usual."

"Really?" Tom questions. "I didn't know that you were interested... you
certainly got a lot of attention from these two," indicating Kevin and
Zelsky.

Kevin: "That's `cause he's always looking to suck our dicks." Kevin stops
speaking and chooses his next words carefully. "...which I actually love."

Owen: "I usually am trying to stay out of your way, Sergeant. I know that
you're partial to Kevin so I kind of avoid becoming a distraction."

"Really? That's why you choose to suck my cock?" Zelsky chides Owen. "I
thought it was that you really like my cock."

"I LOVE all your cocks. I'm surrounded by the most awesome cocks on the
planet. I'm just trying to get one in my mouth or ass most of the time
without being too obvious about it. I don't want to grow old and realize
that I had such a great opportunity and didn't take advantage when I had
the chance."

"I feel like that sometimes." Kevin interjects.

"How is that possible? You don't ever miss an opportunity." Zelsky
observes.

"That's pretty funny. You walked in our room the other day and practically
dived onto Zelsky's big dick without even looking at me. And look, I
understand that most of the guys in the house are pretty intent to get that
big cock in their throats... it's just that it didn't appear to me to me
that you wanted to suck MY cock." Tom joked.

"Yeah, well, let me make it up to you sometime.... soon." Owen tells Tom.
Kevin and Zelsky both chuckle. "You guys can watch. I'm not bashful."

"Before my ego gets any bigger, I think I need to go Get a shower." Tom
tells the men at the table.

"My bad... I didn't recognize that big shaft between your legs was your
ego." Kevin says. Tom smiles back over his shoulder as he walks away.

Tom throws his disposable paper coffee cup in the trash as he walks over to
the shower, grabbing a fluffy clean white towel on his track.

"Good morning, Anton. How was your night? How did the editing go? Tom
queries as he steps into the shower room.

"It went pretty well." Anton says as he squeezes the extra water out of his
hair. "I got a bunch done. It's very sexy footage. I had to stop to beat
off 3 different times. "Anton testifies.

"Can we take a look when we get dry? Tom asks. `I'd like Kevin and Owen to
see it too... Zelsky too, if you don't mind."

"I don't mind. I'm pretty jazzed about it. I should probably check the
office chair first and make sure I wiped off all the cum." Anton says,
smiling.

Tom and Anton are starting to dry off as Kevin, Owen and Zelsky enter the
showers. Tom notices that Owen's dick is very hard, as is Kevin's, but not
Alex's, for a change.

"Anton's going to show me how much editing he got done last night."
Sergeant Lansford tells the 3 men. "You're welcome to come in to see when
you're done showering. Besides, Kevin, it's actually your office. I hope
it's okay that we're using it."

Sergeant Tom Lansford gets almost to the office door and just starts
talking... "I can't wait. show me."

"Can I make a suggestion before everyone piles in here? I think the guys
would be really happy having some kind of nutritious snacks around here in
the morning. It requires a lot of energy to run, march, and workout without
a bite of something in the stomach.  "

"Okay... spit it out. Sergeant Lansford says, "What are you really telling
me?"

"Sergeant Brown didn't like eggs so he sort of excluded them. But I think
that a couple of eggs and some toast in the morning would go a very long
way towards buying you some good will." Anton tells his superior and
friend.

"Are you saying that I don't have good will with these guys?" Sergeant Tom
asks.

"Nope.... not saying that at all. But the way to a man''s heart is
breakfast. I'd be willing to cook some mornings. Maybe rotate 3 or 4
volunteers. Use Paper Plates. We might need a new double toaster."

"You know..... it's a great idea. Do we have a large frying pan?" Tom
questions.

"only a sort of medium sized one, but we need a larger cooking surface."
Anton tells his Sergeant. "Or figure a better method."

"I fucking hate cooking on electric surfaces.  What about Bacon? Does this
require bacon? Tom asks.

"The boys will like that on special occasions." Anton tells Tom.

"Anton," Tom turns his head toward the computer where Anton is
sitting... "Here come the boys. Let's show them the footage that you got
edited."

Owen and Kevin are surprised how good it all looks. "This is way sharper
than I thought it might be. You're a good cameraman, Sergeant," Owen tells
Tom.

All five men are gathered around the computer screen watching the
video. Nobody speaks for almost 3 minutes.

"Tom.... There's almost no sound. Nobody's talking." Kevin tells the group
sharing his worry.

"Yeah. The soundtrack is kind of faint. I think I can make it better on
future videos... if there are any... but keep in mind that on actual porn
shoots the actors sometimes dub in words and grunts." Anton explains.

"Kevin, as much fun as this is, we did this as an experiment to see that
the video system could work. The purpose here is to protect ourselves, it
isn't actually for shooting porn," Sergeant Lansford reminds the group.

 "But, guys, this is hot as fuck." Zelsky says.

"Are you going to show this to the men, Sergeant?" Owen asks.

"I'd like to. Will you guys be embarrassed by our showing this? Tom asks
Owen and Kevin.

"Not among these guys. I think they'll all be jealous," Owen speculates.

"Okay, good. Let's gather the men at 4pm., Tom tells them. "Zelsky, you
want to go with me to get some beers after our morning run... or do you
have any immediate obligations here?"

"Yeah, I'll go..." Zelsky tells Tom.

Anton: "Okay, I need to focus on editing. Can you get me a Red Bull or two,
Tom?"

"I have to go get dressed for the run. I'll be in front shortly." Kevin
hurries his buddies along. "I want to ask you about something."

"I'm gonna go change too. Meet you out front?" Tom asks Anton. "You
probably need to get away from that desk for a little while... get some
exercise."

Kevin and Owen are stretching as soon as they hit the pavement in front of
the House. Tom and Zelsky join them in a moment of stretching out.

As soon as they start out Kevin asks Tom and Zelsky if they'd like "...to
go to Folsom Fair in San Francisco this year. Last month Anton took me and
Tyrone joined us. We really had fun. Lots of dinners and men and beer and
leather and nudity and sex."

"You just described the House that we live in, like every day." Zelsky
responds.

"Yeah, I guess, but there's something great about a road trip with your
buddies." Kevin says.

"Not to mention the hot leather and boots and fresh skin. It's pretty
seductive I'm going to bet." Tom interjects. "Is Tyrone going to this?

"I'll see if he's interested." Kevin says. "That is, after all, how we
became buddies."

Tom: "While you're talking to him, ask Tyrone if he is interested in any
more dinner parties at his house... Okay? Oh, and ask him if he wants to
come by at 4 and tell him that I need to chat with him about the twins
staying at his house for a few days."

"I'll go talk to him before working out. I'll let you know what he says."

When they return from the run, Kevin makes a hot cup of coffee for the
First Sergeant and heads over to his office, popping the cup of coffee into
the microwave for 30 seconds before knocking on Tyrone's office
door. "Sergeant, can I come in for a couple of minutes? I have a short list
to discuss with you."

"Kevin... sure, come in. Aww, thanks for the coffee. Appreciated. What's
up?"

"There are a few things that I need to coordinate with you..." Kevin
rattles off a list, "first is the Twins, Tom wants to move them to your
house while General Thomas comes out. Second, we're talking about going out
to Folsom Fair and I wanted to see if you'd like to drive out with
us. Third, Tom's going to show the movies we made last night to all the
guys in the house so that they can know what's going on with the
cameras... that's at 1600 hours. You want to come? And last, do you have
any interest in having any more dinner parties at your house. We seemed to
have just dropped those."

"Wow. That's a lot. Okay. I'd love to have Deke and David at the
house... Folsom Fair... I have to find out when I need to show up at
Officer Training, but if I can, I'd love to go with you guys. I'll be at
the House at 1600. As for the dinner parties, I loved doing those. But I
kind of have something going on with Greg. Let me see how he feels about
that." Sergeant Brown responds to Kevin."

"Good... thank you Sir. I'll pass that along." Kevin stands up, Salutes and
walks over to the door. "Does it get lonely over here, Sir?"

"Sometimes it does. This isn't the Social Center anymore. I miss Tom
sitting outside my door." Tyrone states.

Kevin walks back over to the House and heads for the kitchen to grab a
protein bar. "Good morning, Private Miller. You feel like working out with
me?

"I'll go get dressed, can you wait 4 minutes?" Greg says.

"I'll get dressed too. Meet you in front." Kevin tells him.

"I've missed working out with you," Kevin tells Greg. "You are my best
trainer."

"That's `cause I push you so hard." Greg grins. "I always liked you but I
did think you were horny for Anton when you first arrived. So I probably
pushed your buttons a lot. I'm sorry for that."

"You weren't wrong. I was horny for every hot soldier with a dick. I kind
of still am. I love hot Army men, you know?" Kevin states.

"And I'm guessing that they are all horny for you too. I've always been
jealous of your ability to walk into a room and win everyone over, like
when Anton did the welcoming ritual with you. You know, that was meant to
humiliate you, but you took right to it. Everyone loved you
immediately. You won them over," Greg tells Kevin as they walk over to the
big free-weight gym.

"Greg... I fell for you first. You were the hottest guy I'd ever seen. I
loved having sex with you. You were the first guy I ever fucked. I'm still
hot for your ass. You are one of the sexiest guys in the House. But really,
I lucked out with Tom."

"And with Zelsky. How did you pull that off? You wound up with the two most
desirable men I know, and both in the Army. How lucky is that? How do you
do that successfully?" Greg queries.

"I think it's because each of us loves the other two. It's truly a 3-way
love affair. And we all let the other two do whatever they're gonna
do. It's not just about any one of us." Kevin claims.

"You know, I was there, like a fly on the wall, when you introduced Tom to
Zelsky. I watched the sparks fly. I wasn't sure that could wind up as a
friendship. Your charisma is really impressive, Kevin. Why do you think
that all worked out?"

"I think that each of us is a wildly kinky guy. We take chances. And we're
patient. I really do love each of them. And it's open. We all realize how
lucky we are to live in this House. With a bunch of sexy men. And Greg, I
know that you've got something going on with Tyrone, which is fantastic,
but it would be very fun to play with you guys. We have been talking about
doing a dinner party at Tyrone's, but it would be up to you if you want
that."

Greg smiles. "Can I think about that? Let's do arms today, we can spot each
other." Kevin gives Greg an approving smile and nod.

"We have a video to show this afternoon at 1600 hours. I hope you can
come. I want you to see it." Kevin tells Greg.


Day 40 1040 Hours


Kevin receives a call from Sergeant Tom Lansford.

"Hi Tom. What's up? Alex and I are getting ready to leave for the
store. You able to join us?" Tom asks.

Kevin: "Hold on for a sec. Greg, are we about done?" I gotta hit the store
with Sergeant Lansford."

Greg: "Yeah, good job. Let's continue tomorrow too."

"Tom, I'll be there in 5."

"Thanks, Greg." Kevin says as he heads for the door.

Tom quickly uses his down time to call Private Sean Covin in the Motor
Pool. "How's it going, Private?" Tom asks.

"Good. My Sergeant thinks he's found a good replacement for me, but I'm
still going to need to train him a bit." Sean reports.

"Good to know. Listen, were doing a short seminar at 1600 hours. Can you
attend?" Tom asks.

"I'll be there if they let me, How's that?" Sean answers.

"Okay... there may be some beer involved." Tom tells Sean.

"Got it, Yay... Thanks for including me."

Kevin finds Sergeants Zelsky and Lansford waiting for him in the Family
Room when he walked in. "I got here as quickly as possible. I have to get
my camos on."

"We're going off base, so you can wear your workout gear if you want. So,
Kevin chose not to change his clothes.

The Three men get in the Van parked out front and start chatting to use the
time productively, while they drove.

Kevin: "Tyrone will be there at 1600. Yes, to the Twins moving into his
house for a few days. He's interested in Folsom Fair depending on when he
might need to report to Officer Training. And, yes, he's mostly interested
in Doing more dinner parties, depending on if Greg Miller wants to."

"Oh my. That sound like a budding romance to you, Kevin?"

"I'm not sure. Both of these guys are into orgies. It might be a very open
romance, but I don't know. I remember watching Greg service the
Sergeant. They were both very into it and not at all private." Kevin
recalls. "Tyrone and Greg are both coming this afternoon. If it goes like I
think it might, we can see how they mingle together. But to me, I think
they're both into each other."

Tom asks Zelsky how everything is going back at his home base, Fort
Bragg. "Sergeant Johnson tells me that everything is going fine. He'll let
me know if anything happens back there. But it never does."

Kevin asks both Sergeants, "do we have any Birthdays coming up at the
House?"

"Kevin, that's for you to find out. Make a list and share it with me and
Anton."

"Okay, will do." Kevin responds. "Zelsky, would you like to go to Folsom
Fair, in San Francisco? with our group?"

"You going Tom?" Do you want me to go?" Zelsky asks Tom.

"First of all,... I've never been. Kevin and Anton went to the Dore Ally
thing. Tyrone went. They all loved it. But you might want to ask Tyrone
what he thinks. I would love for you to go with us."

"You've never committed, Tom... you gonna go with us?" Kevin asks.

"I want to consult with Tyrone. But I'm pretty sure I want to go." Tom
looks over to Zelsky and says, "from the stories it sounds like the drive
over and back was at least half the fun."

"The bars are wild. I want you both to go. I hope we can go together."
Kevin advises his two Sergeants.

"Let's make a plan and see how long it will take to drive there etc. We
need to get a hotel too. This is a bigger event than the Dore Ally thing we
went to." Kevin says. "Plus, if we get it together quickly we can get some
great leather gear for you guys."

"Oh, that's right. I forgot that you had some gear made. Will you wear that
again?" Tom asks.

"Absolutely." Kevin confirms.

"What gear, Kevin?" Alex Zelsky asks.

"A bulldog harness, boots that I bought at the PX, Leather shorts that I
had made. You saw me wear them at my party." Kevin reminds him.

"I just remember beating your bare ass, buddy." Zelsky tells him.

"I'll call the tailor as soon as you can commit to going." Kevin tells the
guys. "We can go as `a family' with matching gear."

"So, model your leathers when we get back to the House." Alex says, "I'm a
little dubious. Sounds like dress-up to me."

"I think Kevin looked great in his leather shorts." Tom says. "Reserve your
judgment until you see it."

"Yes, Sir," Zelsky tells Tom. "I'll follow your advice on this."

The men hit the market. Buy some beer and snacks, Tom stopping to get some
better protein type snacks. He checks out a large electric frying pan,
complete with a top, a large wooden spoon for scrambling eggs and more
paper plates and a toaster. Goes to the dairy section and grabs a pound of
butter and 3 dozen eggs to do his cooking experiment with, some bread for
toast and then head for the checkout area. And then drive back to the base.

"You guys hungry? Maybe a cheeseburger?" Tom asks.

Zelsky and Kevin agree that this sounds like a good idea. "Yeah, let's
stop." Tom sets course for the Burger place.

While the guys are riding in the van, a moment of quiet is broken when
Kevin says,"I've been thinking about something...

"I'm curious...  Tom, how'd you realize that you're a Dom? Did you know
that before we met?" Kevin asks.

"You know, it just sort of happened. Opportunity, I guess. When you and I
have role-played my Dom side just fell into a place and I really liked
controlling you." Tom pauses and then winks at Kevin. "And all the guys
surrounding me were Subs!" And, while playing with you, you desiring to be
a sub in most of our sex, I observed you descending into your
sub-headspace, I naturally found myself ascending into a Dom headspace, the
mirror role to yours... and I found that I really liked it. And the more
comfortable it became for me. And the more Dom I get, I see you getting
more sub. I love that. I love controlling you. I love dominating Alex too.

"You certainly do it well. I love it when you start telling me how you're
gonna handle me. And I've never appreciated being spoken too like that by
another Sergeant." Alex tells them both. "But then, no other sergeant has
ever ordered me to do sexual stuff. I doubt they ever will."

"Alex, did you like being used last night?" Tom asks.

"Yeah," he weighs his words to be accurate. "Every time it gets
better. It's like making up for all the years I was just sexually
floundering... waiting for somebody to tell me what to do. You know, I was
the big guy, and everyone just assumed I was in charge. I was just being so
fucking careful, though I didn't realize it at the time. I guess I must
feel really safe to let go." Zelsky says. "But I can't just bend over and
get used by anybody, Tom. I'm only interested in serving You... Sir."
Zelsky smiles softly as he continues to choose his words carefully. "You
make me feel so... so useful. Like what you think about me really
matters. And I don't know why, but I love doing what you want me to do even
when it's humiliating."

"I think that's great. That's how I want you to feel. I want you to feel
good about what I make you do. That's a Dom's job... or, at least part of
it.

Sergeant Zelsky receives a call from General Thomas as the men near the
market where they'll purchase beer and party snacks. "Yes, Sir, this is a
good time, though I'm driving. Did you decide what day you might want to
come out? No, Sir, nothing I can't cancel on a day's notice. Okay then,
I'll meet you at SLC airport... it's a little over an hour drive from the
base, Sir. Okay, see you soon."

"So? Any revelations?" Tom asks.

"Not really. But he'll give us a heads up when he plans to come. I'll text
Tyrone to give him the update.

Tom: "Good idea."

"The burger place is up here on the next block." Tom tells his buddies,
just before pulling in to the parking lot. "I'm gonna get a burger for
Anton. Do you think we should take one to Tyrone?"

"Sure," says Zelsky. "I think he needs a bit of attention."

After the men finish their burgers and cokes, they pile in the van and
drive back, stopping at the Sergeant's office. Tom tells Kevin to take the
burger in to Sergeant Brown. "We're going to get back to the House so that
we can get this food and beer put away." They drive back to the House and
start to carry the goods into the kitchen space. Noah and Owen, hanging out
in the Family Room, next to the front door, "You guys need some help?"

"Sure. There are some more bags in the van. And some cases of beer." Zelsky
tells them.

Tom heads into find Anton and bring him a burger, for which Anton is
grateful. "How's the editing going?"

Anton: "Actually about as far as I can take it. It's not perfect but you
won't be embarrassed. It's quite hot."  Tom is pleased to hear.

"I got some beer and stuff for this afternoon. Hopefully it will be
useful. And, hey, I got some eggs and a toaster, and we can make some
breakfast tomorrow... see how that works." Sergeant Lansford states.

"Awesome. You wanna cook the first one or shall we share the
responsibilities?" Anton asks.

"I think you and Kevin should do it together. I'll talk to him about
it. I'm not sure he's much of a cook... though I'm not sure you're much of
a cook either. You'll have to prove it." Sergeant Tom cautions Anton... and
then grins.

When the boys have the cases of beer stacked up against the back wall of
the dining area, Noah Pelski asks, "Sergeant, does the beer have anything
to do with this afternoon's meeting?

"It just might." Tom smiles.

Anton has loaded the movie onto a USB Drive and is in the Family Room,
which is the largest room in the house, but still tight quarters for 16 men
to hang out together. Anton is about to test that the USB drive will play
in the 42-inch flat screen. It works. But it's a little early.

Sergeant Zelsky taps on Kevin to come up to Apartment 14 and model his
leather shorts, harness and boots. Kevin slides the Harness over his head,
slips his shorts on and finds that they're a bit tight. He's been working
out diligently and he's got more muscle now. "Put your boots on. I want to
get the full affect."

"Wadda ya think... do my leathers make you want to use me, daddy?"

"Well, Tom was right. This is more than just dress up, kiddo. That's fuckin
HOT!" Zelsky tells him.

So, hot enough to want some leathers like these? Do you have a bulldog
harness?"

"I don't have a harness or anything like that. Yes. I want some. You know
the tailor, right?"

"I do, we can go over the get you fitted. But I want your help with Tom. I
want him to go with us. And I want you to get fitted for leather shorts,
and harness at the same time. It'll be easier," Kevin requests.

"I think you should just stay dressed like that for the meeting. It's so
slutty. But you'll sure set the tone for the evening. Everyone will know
what the beer is for as soon as they see you.

"Really?" Kevin checks in the mirror.

"Yeah... believe me." Alex tells Kevin, "And besides, these guys have seen
you in this outfit before, right? Because you are definitely the hood
ornament of a 1991 4-door CumFuckMe.

"Ha-ha... very funny, but cute. Is that a compliment? Do you think we
should hang the sling in the gym?" Kevin considers.

"Do you know where it is? Maybe ask Anton." Alex suggests.

"Hey, do Deke and David know about the meeting? I should go find them." Tom
says talking to himself... his voice dwindling off as he realizes there's
nobody listening to his words.


As the House gets closer to 1600 hours, the men of the House begin to
gather. There is talk about how Sergeant Lansford was shooting videos of
Kevin getting fucked in the shower. There certainly must be more to the
story.

Kevin walks into his office where Anton has been editing the video. "Anton,
I asked Tyrone if he wants to go to Folsom Fair. He is going to talk with
Greg about going too. Tom and Zelsky want to attend. I think we should get
serious about booking some hotel rooms. Does anyone else want to go?"

"Probly the twins... but I think we should think about that tomorrow. We've
got to get ready for the meeting right now.

"Okay, but one more thing... we need to get Zelsky and Tom over to
Mr. Hoffman to get some leathers made," Kevin suggests..." And maybe
Greg. I should ask him...Greg I mean.  I'll see you in a few minutes out in
the Family Room."

Kevin finds Private Greg Miller coming into the House as the meeting
nears. "I don't think you and I ever talked about when I went over to Dore
Ally with Anton and Tyrone. We really had fun. Have you ever been? And
would you like to go?"

"Sounds like an experience. Can I give you an answer tomorrow?" Greg asks.

"Yes. But we need to get a count of who's going because we're going to have
to book some rooms." Kevin reasons.

Most of the men in the house wander into the Family room dressed, though a
couple of the guys wander down naked, not even thinking about
clothes. Anton, wearing his camo pants, is wearing no shirt. Deke and David
come down naked, as cute as ever... it appears that they're sporting some
new muscles from all the working out they do at the House gym. Sean shows
up with a little grease on his sleeve, from working on vehicles at the
motor pool. Owen wears some camo shorts and boots. Kevin comes in his
skimpy leather shorts and boots, which definitely raises the temperature of
anticipation in the room. A couple of stragglers, and then Tyrone and
Sergeants Lansford and Zelsky come in, pretty much in a good
mood... Sergeant Lansford comes in dressed in his pressed Military uniform,
replete with his new olive colored Sergeant Rank Chevron on his
shirt... very impressive, very crisp. He knows the subject that he needs to
present to his men and he wants them to take it seriously.

"Anton. Is everything working?" Tom asks.

"I believe so, Sergeant. Just tell me when," Anton tells him.

Sergeant Tom Lansford: "Gentlemen!" The Men of the House quiet down
quickly. They are interested to know what this meeting is about.

"I believe that we are probably the luckiest men in the Army. There are One
point three million active members in the U.S. Army. With nearly two
hundred thousand reserves. That is one heck of a lot of men that we don't
ask, and they don't tell. All told, that probably works out to about one
hundred fifty thousand gay men in the Army that can't do anything that
might be considered sexual participation with another man. Maybe some hand
jobs in the latrine but not much more. This unit is probably the luckiest
men in the Army, as I said. We know what our job is, and we work to be
these best that we can at it. The intel we find is worthy. And the only
reason we can get and gather this intel is because we put ourselves on the
line to be in a position to receive the info... all because of our
proximity to our sources."

"First Sergeant Tyrone Brown conceived of this team. We have been lucky to
have him leading us. He reports to a General who is part of the
Intelligence gathering unit at Fort Huachuca in Southern Arizona. We don't
know too much about their operations; our job is to feed them with the
intel we discover. Because of the changing of the guard, the General wants
to come check on us. This could be difficult. We don't know his level of
confidence or understanding of who we are or how we operate. So I want to
be somewhat careful. I want us to be ready.

"I don't mean to alarm you, but we are all Army men here and we have a
history of being prepared. We are a team here. We love our brothers. We
protect one another. The way we prove that to outsiders is to stand
shoulder to shoulder, whether that's marching in formation or protecting
one another through privacy, through our personal engagement or anything
that we might have to devise. We are a creative bunch.

"Because we do not know much about The General or his associates, we have
to be ready to demonstrate that we are brothers and that we are prepared to
protect ourselves. It is possible that we could be vulnerable to something
we don't yet understand. If the General is tired of us, we should be
prepared. If he's happy with us, we should be prepared for that too.

"We have heard that he thinks we have a `Discipline Issue'. Sadly, we don't
know what that means, but when he visits here, we all need to be wearing
Army approved uniforms and look like we can represent the Army in a very
dignified manner. We will Fall in and March around the field together every
day before he arrives, so that we look like a competent Army Unit. And, by
the way, I'm proud of you for how you all answered the call of duty in this
regard. You certainly are the very best-looking group of men that the Army
has to offer.

"But, if the General is speaking of Discipline in another sense, we need to
be prepared for that as well. I decided to install some hidden cameras
around the house for such an eventuality, should that become a necessary
defense. Of course, now that you know the cameras are there, they aren't a
secret any longer. This is not to surprise the men here in this room, these
cameras are only part of our arsenal to outsiders. And like any weapon, we
need to practice with it. We will gather you together as we find out how to
better understand what we are dealing with. And we need to make sure that
these cameras remain a secret to anyone outside of this group.

"But we have multiple cameras that can all be working at the same time. In
order to familiarize ourselves with camera locations and angles and such,
we made a movie. We included a handheld camera to see how such a production
might come together. And then Anton edited it down to what you're about to
watch. As you watch this, please allow yourself to imagine placing yourself
into the movies, as a director, as a videographer, as an actor, as a
historian, even as a porn star, if you want. We can use this to capture an
interloper in action, or even just for fun. And Anton can show you how to
remotely start these cameras should that become necessary.

"I shot the first handheld footage, followed by Anton. Anton did a
wonderful job of editing. So, men, please come around to this side of the
room so that everyone can see the Television screen.  Anton, can you start
this, please? Remember this is all just an experiment for now. Anton, can
you please roll it?"

The video has no opening or story or titles, it just starts to show the men
that we videoed having sex. The men watching, which includes the video
contributors, crowd themselves into the room along the back wall and
furniture on the opposite side of the room from the TV. The men getting a
little cozy all bunched up together, with arms around one another, the men
quickly became very warm as they watch the sexy action, hands increasingly
stroking the arm, chest, neck or any piece of naked skin they could
reach. "Oh my god, Owen, you fucking pig. Love watching you eat Kevin's
ass. This is awesome." Private Tyler Johnson said directly and
enthusiastically. "I'm gonna need to get naked," which inspired 3 other
guys to follow suit immediately...

"Guys... I need for you to take in the placement and angles of the
cameras. So, watch for just for a few minutes more." Sergeant Lansford
admonished the men. "besides, I bought some beer which we'll pass out
shortly. I didn't want to distract from the movie."

"Got any popcorn, Sergeant?" Private Paul Porter asks. "I think this is my
favorite movie ever."

When it got to the part of the video of the boys in the shower room, Noah
crouching over Kevin, Owen eating Kevin's ass.... Noah starts to piss in
Kevin's mouth and, of course Kevin's drinking it as fast as he can, but the
piss is overflowing all over his face and chin, Kevin spiting it all over
himself just so he can continue to breath occasionally. When Noah stops
pissing, he leans over Kevin's face and begins kissing his mouth, which
tastes like his own piss. Noah encourages Owen to come up off eating
Kevin's ass and kiss him to get a taste of his piss, which own does and
agrees that Noah's piss is quite delicious. Owen comes up to dick level of
Noah and asks if he has any more... please? As Owen takes a big mouthful,
he turns around and spits the warm piss all over Kevin's balls and
taint. The men went enthusiastically ecstatic. "Oh, Owen, that was so
great. Did you have to rehearse that a bunch of times for the movie?" and
"Kevin, that piss scene looked so real. It's like you'd done it before."

"I have a good idea," Kevin tells the movie watchers, "Let's have a
party. We can make another movie that we're all in together. I'll get some
beer."  Kevin goes off to the back wall of the dining room and pulls out a
full flat of Lite beers, quickly handing them out as he walked back in the
family room, now the theatre.

"The beer is warm, dude." Private Greg Miller stated.

Owen West quickly replied, "Yup, that way you can drink it and then I can
drink it right after. It's called Piss."

Most of the men laughed but some were enthralled with the movie and didn't
even hear the joke... but they were excited for the warm beer.

These very sexy men were opening their shirts and unzipping their
pants. Private Christopher Darnell had been squeezing his soft dick and
balls, working up to dropping his pants. As soon as he got his pants down
to his knees, Private Tim Butler came over and dropped to his knees,
instantly engulfing Darnell's semi hard cock in his mouth. "Clean my
balls," Darnell ordered Private Butler, which was very out of character for
Darnell, who was stimulated by the manner of speech that Noah Peltski was
using in the video because he thought that would be a good Dom character
for him to portray, even though Noah is a sub like all the other men in the
House, but apparently with a creative side.

Sergeant Zelsky sat on the couch furthest to the left, facing the
screen. Only one sexy young Private, who had been away on vacation for the
past 10 days, 20-year-old Chris Darnell, similar to Kevin in height and
weight. More of a freshly scrubbed young boy, drinking his warm
beer. Without understanding that Zelsky might be off limits to him, Chris,
sitting on the floor next to the big man, when all of the video watchers
were copping feels and squeezes, Chris reached up and rubbed the Sergeant's
legs and inner thigh without looking and without concern. He was just
engrossed. Zelsky, being a gay man, was enjoying the scene of all of the
guys getting so excited that they decided to participate in the erotic
recreation, even knowing that they might be videographed. But, Private
Darnell didn't understand that Zelsky was owned. And Zelsky was excited by
the attention of the strong young Army jock, also under the spell of a warm
beer he recognized that he was attracted to the young Private. `Those warm
beers get to your head faster than the cold ones.' Zelsky thought.

Chris turned, looking up at Zelsky, started to feel his inner thigh,
stroking it as he got hornier in just a couple of minutes, and discovering
a pretty large bulge inside those Camos. Zelsky, didn't stop to think that
such a connection might prove difficult. Zelsky was focused more on how the
Men were responding to the video and the atmosphere in the room and that
heady smell of male sex. Zelsky was enjoying his beer buzz and really not
considering his responsibility to his Dom at this moment. He was enjoying
his new sub headspace. He was verging on drunk on one beer. He was feeling
good.

Kevin saw it a little bit differently. He saw Darnell fondling his
charge... but more importantly he considers Zelsky to be a member of his
own family. He walked over to his Sergeant and laid a kiss on his lips just
about the same instant that Private Darnell freed the large penis from it's
confines. Darnell was unaware of the reputation of the legendary cock and
was a bit surprised by the discovery of its size. He'd never seen anything
like it in person, only in porn.

"Pretty big, huh?" Kevin said to Chris.

"Yeah," Chris acknowledged. "I don't know if I can get that in my mouth."

"Let me show you." Kevin grabbed Zelsky's appendage out of Darnell's hand
and swallowed the big head down as far as he could in two seconds.

"Uhhh... that's so awesome. Can you teach me that, Private Jones?" said
Private Darnell with a little drool on his lip.

"How about you start just licking his balls and I'll teach you how to take
more after you get his balls all cleaned up." Kevin said caustically.

"How do you feel about that Sergeant Zelsky?" Kevin asked.

"I think you should teach him, Kevin... I think he should start on your
dick, though and let him work his way up." Zelsky said as he slid his pants
down to his knees. "Chris... help me with my boots."

Chris got the large boots out of Kevin's way. "Should I suck your dick now,
Private Jones?

"Chris... just watch me for a minute. Come here. Watch this," Kevin grabbed
Chris by his neck and brought him in for some close-up learning, only four
inches about from the big head of the big cock. Kevin licked the dickhead
then leaned forward, pulling Chris' face into a brief kiss, quickly moving
to surround the large cockhead between his own and Chris's lips,
manipulating Chris's head to lick the dick in unison, up and down in the
same movement, making the big dick noticeably stiffer... and staring to
flow some significant pre cum, which the two shared. Kevin pulled away for
a moment... "You good with this Sergeant?"

"You're making my dick feel pretty good, Kevin." Zelsky tells them. Kevin
goes back to mutual kissing Zelsky's cock.

"Am I intruding here? It feels like you guys know each other pretty
well. Did I fuck up?" Private Darnell asks.

Kevin pulls his mouth off the shaft once again and says "I'm Sergeant
Zelsky's Ambassador. My job is to make sure that he gets served well... so
far, so good. I think you should practice on my cock for a few minutes. I
might be able to give you some pointers." Private Jones suggests as he
stands up an takes off his leather shorts.

"I loved watching your movie. It made me crazy horny. I got hard
instantly. So, yes, please, let me suck your cock." Chris tells Kevin,
experiencing his first brush with stardom.

"Dude... we were just having fun. I'm not a pronator."

"You look like it to me." Chris tells Kevin. "I really want to suck your
cock."

"You really do look like a porn star on the video. It's pretty awesome that
you did such a good job. I'm pretty proud of you." Zelsky tells Kevin.

"But Sergeant. I suck your dick or play with you every single day when
you're here. All Tom did was shoot a video of me and Owen playing. It was
pretty fun, but you see me doing that kind of shit all the time. What's
different?" Kevin asks.

"I guess that it's because everyone here can admire how truly sexy you are
when they watch the video... and it's on the TV for everyone here to see. I
got quite a boner from watching it too." Zelsky tells Kevin.

"Wow... okay. It would be fun for me if I could get you to do a video with
me," Kevin tells Zelsky.

"I'll have to talk to Tom about that. I'm not gonna promise that."

One the other side of the room, close to the showers, a few naked guys were
standing over by the Kitchen eating some corn chips off of a paper plate
with a beer in every hand, gathered around Tom, asking him about his future
plans to make movies because this one is so good. And every single one of
them wants to be in his next movie. Tom was overwhelmed but striking a
stoic pose, trying to not take it to personally. He knew he didn't deserve
this esteem. But he was very happy to be getting this kind of attention. He
was eager to share it with Kevin, Owen, Noah and Anton.

Deke and David and their newly tight, worked out bodies were standing
around waiting for Tom to be done talking with the men of the
House. "Sergeant, can we talk to you when you're free. We want to know some
stuff." Deke spoke for the two.

Tom steps away from the kitchen bar to speak to the twins. "Sure, do you
want to talk right now or later, guys?"

"Well, probly later, but we really like living here. We know you guys want
us to do work and earn our keep, and we're really willing to keep doing
that... but we saw some twin guys on the internet doing porn stuff and we
think they're making some money. So we talked about it and we want to talk
to you about auditioning for you to do sex things so that you can make
movies of us... so we can make money. Can we do that?" Deke and David ask
as they finish each other's sentences.

"Guys... I'd like to talk with Kevin and Anton about this. Is that okay
with you?" Tom asks the boys.

"Sure... do you want us there too?" David asks.

"I don't know yet." Sergeant Lansford states. "I'll probably ask
tomorrow. It's kind of difficult to talk with the guys now because we've
been drinking beer and getting ready to have a big party it feels like. But
let me ask you something: Do you guys drink any alcohol, or beer?

"We don't drink alcohol... we only drink beer." Deke tells Tom.

Tom: "Is that because you're Mormons?"

"Yes." The twins answer in unison.

So far, Greg Miller, Tim Butler, Paul Porter and Bill Palmer have come over
and felt Sergeant Lansford around his neck and shoulders and even brushed
his sexy chest with the back of some of their hands. Tom really enjoyed the
attention. Everyone was getting high on warm beer. All of the boys that
came over to congratulate Tom on his movie were eager to participate in the
next production. At least that's what they told him as they were getting
high on warm beer.

The guys that had been wearing clothes were getting more and more
noticeably naked as the evening progressed, leaving their camos on the
backs of chairs. Kevin saw Tom being the Center of attention at the snack
bar and abandoned Zelsky and Chris back on the couch in the Family
Room. Chris had learned to get the big head in his mouth and both of the
men were sated for the time being, though Kevin felt assured that Zelsky
wasn't going to be able shoot a load from Private Darnell's stimulation, as
much as they were both enjoying it. Zelsky will need more, and Chris needed
to gain some experience.


Tyrone came over to talk to Tom. "This is way wilder than any of the
previous parties. It's like they're all eating gummies or something."

"I don't think so." Sergeant Lansford responds. "This is just a level of
horny men that we have unleashed. You know, we all get hard by watching
porn vids. We're used to watching sexy men doing sexy things in movies. I
thought I was going to be able to teach these guys a lesson in how to
utilize these cameras. I think they want to use them to make porn. Hey,
have you noticed how sexy the twins are looking? They've really been taking
advantage of the gym."

"Yeah... that's what happens when 18-year-olds work out all the time. They
must work out for at least three hours a day." Tyrone observes.

"They're constantly asking Kevin for direction. When he doesn't have a
project to give them, he tells them to go do 2 hours on their abs or
something... just to keep them busy. But they do it. They're turning into
little baby muscle gods, and they'll get bigger if they keep going. Maybe
we need to discuss their nutrition. I think they eat protein bars and drink
protein shakes mostly." Tom comments.

"Look, the warm beer effect... the guys are wandering into the showers. I
better go grab a camera." Tom says to Tyrone.

Tom to Anton: "Do you have the cameras set up and ready to shoot? I'm
thinking we should record some of this. Shall we?"

"All ready. I can go whenever you want. I kind of thought this might
happen." Anton says.

Kevin looks around and realizes what's about to happen... he goes in to get
Zelsky. "Hey. You wanna get wet? You too, Chris... come on." Kevin lifts
Chris off the floor by his arms, pulling him to the showers. "Get your
clothes off. You like piss?"

Kevin takes Private Chris Darnell into the showers. "Did you go through the
initiation?"

Chris: "I... I don't think so."

Kevin: "How is that possible. I thought everyone went through that."

Chris: "The Army directed me to go home when I first arrived. It was a
family emergency. So, I kind of need to catch up here, I guess."

Kevin: "No time like the present... HEY MEN... Chris here has never been
welcomed by all of us. You already for this?" A handful of the men in other
rooms couldn't hear Kevins call to welcome Private Darnell, but as soon as
the naked private was on his knees in the shower, they could all see into
the glass shower room that it was time for action.

"Okay, men, this is Private Chris Darnell, we all need to welcome him to
the house. Chris," Kevin grabs the uninitiated Private by the hair and pull
his head back as he gives him directions. "Head back. Open your
mouth. No... WIDER, Private, Kevin slaps his face but not too hard, "wide
enough to suck Zelsky. Keep it just like that. Kevin strokes his cock a
couple more times and starts pissing into the Private's mouth. "Chris
Darnell, I'm Private Kevin Jones, nice to meet you..." Kevin is still
emptying his bladder, "now stay in this position. You're about to meet all
of the men here."

Next in line behind Kevin is Anthony Jackson, who steps up and says, "It's
okay Chris, you can swallow now.. I'm Private Anthony Jackson, welcome to
the House. Nice to meet you." Next in line is Noah, who pulls his buddy
Owen up with him, putting his hand around Owen's shoulders, "Hi Chris. I'm
Noah, and this is my friend, Owen." Both men are pissing in Chris's mouth."
You just watched us be porn stars in the movie Chris. We're both gonna fuck
you tonight, but right now it's really nice to meet you. Keep swallowing,
Private." Next in line was Private Arlo Thompson... and the line continued
with 12 more men initiating Private Darnell into their ranks.

Kevin handed each one of the men a beer when they completed their
portion. "Gotta keep it flowing guys!"

Like most of the men who had been initiated by this ritual, the recipient
was horrified when he started, not knowing how to escape, but ready to
drink lots more piss when the men in line had finished.

"Thank you gentlemen. I appreciate the introductions. What happens next?"
Darnell asks.

"What happens next is that you're gonna get fucked by 15 or 16 guys."
Private Porter tells Private Darnell, loudly enough for everyone to hear."
But that probably won't all happen tonight... but you'll definitely want to
know all these men. They are your brothers now, Chris."

"So, Chris," Kevin pulls the Private to his feet again. "I imagine you got
a full bladder, Yes? Want to share some of that?" Kevin lowers himself down
on his knees in front of Chris. "Feed me buddy. It's okay. Just relax. I
love used beer."

Anton came over and started to piss on Kevin's chest. Kevin didn't flinch,
he is staying right there in place waiting for Darnell's cock to start to
flow. But it didn't. Zelsky, watching carefully, steps over to the small
but growing group surrounding Kevin, and starts to piss on Kevin's face,
quickly directing the flow over to Chris delayed flow.  Zelsky says. "Piss
shy, boy? No reason to be around here." Zelsky shifts his aim to Private
Darnell's hard dick and balls. He them takes Darnell's cock and pushes it
into Kevin's mouth. "There. Now you don't have to worry about someone
watching you piss." The guys in the small group chuckled at that and pretty
instantly Chris was able to start the flow. Kevin licked Chris' cock
encouraging it even more, which happened once Chris got used to the
idea. He was so full from the Welcoming ritual that his own flow grew to
the point that Kevin wasn't able to swallow it all, letting the overflow
spill out onto the floor.

The good news is that Tom got all of it on camera. Nobody's face was
revealed except for Kevin's. "That was a great shot, Kevin." Tom told him.

"Sir," David said to get Tom's attention. "Would you take some videos of
Deke and me?

"Sure... with who?" Tom asked.

"Us, Kevin, Anton, you and everybody." David said.

"Okay guys. Zelsky, stand here. Kevin, Suck on his cock for a while. "Tom
directs. "I'm gonna get a shot of the twins and you servicing Zelsky."

"Are you...?" Zelsky starts to question.

"No, I'm not going to show your face. Just you dick and balls... and the
boys servicing you." Tom states.

"I forget... do you guys' drink piss?" Tom asks the twins.

"Kevin taught us to, but we don't hardly ever get to because everybody
thinks we're just kids. But we're not. And we like to drink piss because
that's what Kevin likes and he's, our master." David tells Tom.

Tom looks up at Zelsky and says, "Well, I don't ever remember hearing that
during dinner conversation." Zelsky breaks his serious face and smiles at
Tom.

"We want to be slaves. We like it when men tell us to do stuff." David
says. "We want that." Deke adds.

"So, Kevin... Deke and David think that they might want to be in porn
movies, because they've seen other twins in porn movies and it looks like a
good way for them to make some money. What do you think?" Tom asks.

David starts to interject and Kevin stops him. "shut your mouth and be a
good slave. Can you get this cock in your mouth?"

"Yes sir."

"Good. Stick it in your mouth and suck on it." Kevin tells the
boy. "... like a good slave."

"So... what do you think? Tom asks Kevin again.

"I think we should get lots of video shots and see how they look being good
slave boys." Kevin smacks David's ass hard to emphasize the word
"slave". David grunts approvingly.

"so, let's not talk about that anymore tonight. Tonight is for fun." Kevin
says.

Owen walks up to the group. "Anyone thirsty?" Owen asks.

"Fuck... of course. Always..." Kevin says. Owen sticks his hard cock up to
Kevin's mouth and begins pissing." As Kevin, still on his knees, starts to
drink, Private Darnell inserts himself and gets down on his knees. "I want
to try it again. It's in my head now." Kevin takes Owen's pissing dick out
of his mouth and puts it in Chris' mouth. "swallow it down baby." Kevin
holds Darnell's head up against Owen's cock. " And when you're out," Kevin
looks up at Owen, " fuck his face."

Kevin got up and got another flat of beers to pass out. He wants to be sure
to keep the party going. Almost all of the men of the House welcome the 3rd
or 4th beer.

Private Sean Covin found a moment to chat with Sergeant Lansford. "I see
you're pretty busy this evening. Quite the event. I never dreamed it would
be about making a porn movie."

"It wasn't. It was supposed to show the guys where videos might be made in
case we would ever get in trouble and need proof to protect ourselves." Tom
tells Sean. "But I think they enjoyed the porn part the most. Like me. I
loved it.

"You're right. I know. It was the most fun part for me as well." Tom
replies.

"So Sergeant, tonight might not be the best time to mention this, but I
really enjoyed it when you broke me in... playing with you guys. So, let's
do that again sometime. I need to be part of your group thing, in every
way. I want to be ready to carry out my duties when I'm fully onboard, but
I also want more... of everything."

Sergeant Lansford grabbed Private Covin's face and leaned in to kiss
him... "Like this? Or are you looking for much kinkier shit?"

"I want this... and I want your kinkiest stuff too. I want to know how to
do it. I want you to teach me, Sir. I want you to slap me around. I want
your piss. I want the Premium Package, Sir. All of it."

"Good to know. Have you met my good friend, Sergeant Zelsky? Zelsky, this
is Private Sean Covin from the motor pool. I told you about him. He's
joining us here at the House."

Zelsky responds, pulling Tom off to the side. "Yes Tom. I was with you when
you gave him a memory quiz, right here in this very shower, do you
remember?"

"Thanks..." now returning Sean to the conversation. "We need to give Sean a
size test. After I fuck him, I want you to follow me. I think he can take a
lot but I need to know before I assign him to a client. Understand Sean?"
Sergeant Lansford asks.

"I do. But I think I should clean out first," looking up at Zelsky. "I have
a favor to ask, Sergeant. I think I'll be able to take your cock easier if
you piss in my ass first. And are there any Poppers around I could use?
Piss and poppers in combination is definitely my super-charger. I'll go
clean out and be right back."

"Go ask Anton. He'll know." Zelsky tells Sean. Anton does know and grabs a
bottle of Jungle Juice and give it to Sean.

"You sure you want me to fuck him, my Sir?" Alex Zelsky says to
Tom. "You're not worried that I'm gonna hurt him?"

"Were you afraid of hurting me when you fucked me?" Tom asks. "I don't
think you were."

"Most of the guys in this House want to get your cock in their ass,
Alex. But there's probably only 2 or 3 that would refuse to try. Sean asked
for poppers. Smart guy. Part of getting to know him is getting to know what
he's capable of and if he can handle himself when I'm not around."

Alex asks, "why did you pretend that you didn't remember us having met?"

"Because he needs to know that he MUST rely on his own brain to determine
his capabilities. He likes me. I want to break his reliance on me. I won't
always be in the same groove as he is. The older guys here are tried and
true and sometimes even get in a bit of trouble.

"Okay... I see." Zelsky tells him.

Tom reached down and grabs Zelsky's balls and fondles them. "Thirsty?" Tom
asks.

"Yes sir."  Zelsky gets down on his knees and leans forward and opens his
mouth. Tom holds Alex' head a few inches away so that he can feed Zelsky
some earned piss. Zelsky would prefer to take Tom's piss in his mouth with
his lips sealed around Tom's good-sized cock. "Sir, why are you pushing me
away from drinking out of your tap?

"Because I wanted Kevin and Owen and Sean and a few others to see me
feeding you my piss, Slave Boy." Tom Answers.

"Why sir?" Zelsky asks.

"Because I wanted to demonstrate that it's not up to you. I kind of wanted
to humiliate you and remind you that I own you now. And make sure everybody
else knows too. Nobody here will fuck with you if they know you're
mine. Put your hands behind your back now." Tom put his left hand on top of
Zelsky's head. "Good boy. Now clean my balls."

"Yes sir." Sergeant Zelsky, accepting his humiliation, nods and looks down
with his hands behind his back, in perfect slave position.  "thank you
sir."

A couple minutes later, Kevin brought Noah over to say "thanks for
including me. I loved the video. I think we should do this more. If I
wasn't in this Army Unit, I'd probably be pursuing porn. I love the
atmosphere we have here. But I must say, it's way sexier here since you
took command, Sir. So, whenever you guys have a party, I'd like to be part
of it. Video cameras or not. And Sir. I'm always thirsty."

"I think we should get out of the shower room. It's pretty crowded in
here. We should give these guys some space to play." Tom says to
Kevin. "Let's get ourselves over to the bed. We can find some boys to play
with over there." Kevin tells Zelsky to follow him... Kevin and Noah follow
too. Tom sits on the edge of the bed, slowly stroking his cock. "Kevin. Can
you find us another beer?" There are still more cases of warm beer stacked
up against the back walls of the Dining area and the Kitchen. Kevin returns
with a six pack.

"Noah... you Thirsty now? Tom asks the Private.

"Always sir. "Noah tells the group, standing next to the King Sized bed,
not knowing if he should stand or what...

"How about you, Zelsky? You ready for another beer?

"I'm thirsty for my Sir. You tell me what I should be drinking." Zelsky
tells him, on his knees in front of Tom and Kevin who are sitting on the
bed.

"You Kevin? You thirsty?"

"I'm always ready." Kevin responds. "you know me."

"Noah... come sit on the floor next to Zelsky. Open your mouth"

"Kevin, help me get these two boys wet." Kevin stands up when Tom does and
they open up on the two crouched men, Noah rubbing Zelsky's thigh and chest
as Tom tells them to kiss, which they do. "beautiful," Tom announces as he
aims for the lips of the two kissing me. Kevin follows, pissing on their
faces and chests, and rubbing the flowing river of urine into their skin
uniformly. The flow goes on for a while. Sean walks over to the group and
follows suit, pissing on the two sitting in front of Tom. Paul Porter joins
in the celebration and makes it last for a couple minutes longer."

"Open your mouth Zelsky. Take it all." Tom shares his reserve with the big
man, still crouched in front of him, swallowing gratefully.

"Stand up," Tom tells Zelsky. The large wet man gets to his feet, the
6-foot 3-inch man looking down at his 5-feet 11-inch friend and Dom. "I'm
proud of you slave boy. You broke through tonight. You did great." Tom
surrounds Zelsky's face with his hands. "I own you now."

"Yes, Sir." Alexander Zelsky says. "You do."




Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/ and all the great works
they archive.


SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you're thinking about my story.

---

Untitled (Chapter 11)

Date: Sat, 22 Nov 2025 10:49:20 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 49

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private e. This is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you
aren't interested in this subject, or this is illegal where you live,
please stop reading. But, Please Support Nifty.org:
https://donate.nifty.org/ and all the great works they archive.

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear which are your favorite characters.

New Order 49

Day 31		1400 hours

The General called Sergeant Zelsky back. A friendly conversation but not
terribly informative. It was just about the fact that general Thomas
planned to come out sometime the next week to discuss some matters.

The video equipment has been installed and is working perfectly... Not too
many bells and whistles. These cameras are security cameras and don't
really have a view finder, but they do have a good deal of storage so, once
it's turned on, each of these video cameras can store up to three hours,
depending on the memory drive installed, which are SD micro cards that can
have as much as 128 gig recorded on them. The other great feature is that
they can all be turned on by a remote control. "I'll be able to record all
kinds of great action on these little guys simply buy walking within about
10 feet and pointing the remote control at them. You can see a little light
that indicates that it's working." Anton tells Sergeant Lansford.

Lansford responds, "when do we want to try recording a video? Should we
call Kevin and Owen over to be our video models? Or is it too early"

Anton: "we can just walk from one room to the next a couple of times and
make sure that the whole thing is working. Then I just have to make sure
after we upload the videos into the computer, that we remember to delete
them, so we'll be ready to record when it's time.

"Hey, Anton... I think it's time to test the video cameras. We should get
the boys and walk around for a few minutes. Give you a change to check all
the cameras. Or have you done that?" Tom asks.

"I have walked around, but I need to check that the audio works and that
they'll be in focus." Anton advises.

"So, are the audio tracks embedded into the videos?" Tom queries.

"I believe so. But I need to run through a real performance with all the
cameras going," Anton with people talking and grunting. But there's one
thing that I need to tell you... These cameras are pretty good, but they're
like security cameras. They'll show everything but if you want it to look
much better, you're going to need to have a hand-held camera of some
type. There are some cheap ones, but a phone with video capabilities will
at least give us something that we can use to shoot enough to get an idea
about editing. You want to be a camera man?"

"I guess I could. But I've never done that. Tell me how you think I should
do this." Tom asks for some technical direction from Anton.

Zelsky walks in at that point, having just been chatting with
Tyrone. "How's it going?" Tom Lansford asks Zelsky.

"Going good. I was just up with Tyrone filling him in on what's going
on..." Alex Zelsky informs Tom.

"Filling him in on what?" Tom inquires.

"Our video project... and our personal arrangement." Zelsky brings Tom up
to speed.

"Like what?" Tom ask with a little concern in his voice.

"Well, like how my sexual interests have been reformed... by Kevin and by
you."

Tom asks Alex... "how did he respond?"

"He said he was a little jealous. He's not terribly thrilled about leaving
you guys behind."

"He's just leaving for a while, I thought. Won't he be coming back after
Officer Training? That's what I thought I had understood."

"Yeah... that's what he was told, but in the Army, what you've been told is
probably not entirely dependable. Thing's change. Like what if he doesn't
pass? There's a risk in everything." Zelsky states.

"That sounds really tenuous." Sergeant Lansford reacts.

"Tom... that's always a possibility.  That's why I've been opening up to
you, Tom. You and Kevin. I've never really been able to forge a tangible
relationship since I've been in the Army. It's a tough thing to
achieve. You guys have been more responsive and open to me than anyone else
ever. Especially men.  I hope it's for a long while, but every single
factor is somewhat tenuous when you're in the Military. We only have today,
buddy. So, we need to make every day count." Zelsky tells Tom.

Tom is moved by Alex's comments. He walks over to the big man, standing
just outside of the Glass shower, both men naked. He puts his arms around
the big Sergeant and kisses him. The two naked Sergeants are generously
embracing, Kevin and Owen and Anton all take notice, but they all suspected
that these two military men were more to each other than they'd let
on. Kevin walks over, also naked and inserts himself into the naked hug the
larger two men are sharing.   "Is it okay for me to
join you, Sirs?"

"Of course, Kevin, You're our boy. But you already know that, don'cha?"
Sergeant Lansford tells him.

"I hope so." Kevin tells him. "We're kinda like a family at this point."
The three men involved in the hug fest were all hard. The Sergeants kissed
Kevin, rubbing his sexy butt.

Owen and Anton just stood by knowing that something significant was
happening, but waiting to figure out what it was.

"Are we gonna shoot a test porn movie?" Kevin asks

"Yup, you and Owen need to get cleaned out... if you're ready to do this."
Tom tells him.

"Kevin... let's do it. What do you want me to do? Are we gonna fuck or
what?" Owen wonders.

`Actually, Owen, Anton and I are going to direct you and shoot with a
handheld camera... we're gonna use an iPhone this time. And then we'll edit
the handheld shots in with the ceiling cams. But I'm going to give you
direction. I'm thinking that we're going to do a wide range of positions,
just like it's a real porn. We'll edit out my voice." Tom instructs the
boys.

Anton asks: "Is your phone fully charged? If not, maybe you should use
mine. Mine is at 90%."

"I'll use yours. My battery is just under 50%."

"Here's the deal. Once we start all the cameras, you need to keep the
iPhone shooting video the entire time. Don't ever stop, so then all the
cameras can be in sync." Anton instructs them. "You want to keep the camera
steady as much as possible."

"That's pretty cool." Tom comments.  "You guys tell me when you're ready."

Kevin and Owen clean out each other's butts using the clean out hoses, they
soap each other up, washing backs and cracks. Tom nods over to Anton who
turns on all the cameras. Tom has been shooting the sexy shower scene since
they started soaping up. Kevin sees that Tom is shooting video. He grabs 2
white towels as they turn off the showers and dry each other off. Both of
our porn stars are fully charged up because they're so horny and
excited. Kevin goes and lifts one leg onto the white bench in the shower
room. Owen wipes his back down, including the back of Kevin's head and then
his butt crack. Owen places Kevin's arms in back of his head and then bends
him over. Owen moves in to eat Kevin's butt for a long couple of
minutes. And then comes around to Kevin's front and kisses him pretty
deeply for a minute. Kevin raises Owen's arms and starts to lick out his
Left Arm pit. Smells so good. Owen licks Kevin's nipple for a few seconds
on his way down to sit on the bench. Owen strokes his big dick a few
times. Kevin lick's his chops and throws the towel down on the floor so
that he can drop to his knees aiming to get Owen's good sized 9-inch cock
in his mouth. Kevin, being the experienced cock sucker that he is goes into
his sub headspace trance. Owen has to stop Kevin before Owen shoots a load
in the heat of passion.

Anton is amazed that all of this is going on without any verbal direction
from either he or Tom. These guys are natural. Tom appears to be a natural
with the iPhone video camera too. Every time Anton looks over Tom's
shoulder, there's a good, useful shot in the viewer.

The guys involved in the production are completely immersed and no one
looks up to see that Sergeant Tyrone Brown has walked into the kitchen and
is standing with Sergeant Zelsky, who gives Tyrone the finger over the
mouth shush sign to keep him quiet. Tyrone is as amazed as Zelsky that
these guys can just do this without any prior practice. But, as Anton later
explains, "this is the prior experience. This is the first run through to
see if there are any apparent glitches." Privates Greg Miller and Tim
Butler were walking down the stairs, naked, to the kitchen to scrounge up
something to eat Tim becomes super interested to see what was going
on. Zelsky whispers to the two men that "we're shooting a little porn for
fun. You can join in if you want."

Tim looks over at Greg, "you wanna join in?"

"No, you go ahead. I want to talk to the Sergeant." Greg says.

Tim walks into the shower and asks Owen, "Is there an available cock I can
suck?"

Kevin and Owen both start kissing Tim and sit back down on the bench where
he goes to work on Kevin's cock first. Kevin and Owen feeling each other's
chests.

Greg walks over to Tyrone and grabs his hand, pulling him away from the
porn production. "It's nice to see you Tyrone. I haven't really been too
available since we got involved on the couch at Kevin's Birthday party. I'm
sorry. I was really hoping to see you again. That was only a few weeks ago
but lots of shit has been going down. I heard that you're leaving. I'd
really like to spend some more time on the couch with you again..." Greg
says with a wide smile.

Tyrone lit up hearing Greg's words. "Thanks, Greg, that really means a
lot. I'm happy I came over to the House and found you here. I've been kind
of out of touch recently myself."

"So, First I'd heard that you found a Boyfriend in San Francisco and now I
hear that you're leaving the base. I'm really happy that I'm getting to see
you before you go." Greg reminisces.

"The Boyfriend thing didn't go so well. I think, really, that you spoiled
me. He was no match to your talents," The First Sergeant confided. "I'd
love to hang out with you again. Truthfully, I don't even know how soon I'm
leaving, but I get the sense that it's in a couple of weeks. Come sit with
me on the couch."

Greg is naked and quickly getting very turned on by his large, clothed,
black, muscled Sergeant. "Can I kiss you, Sir?" Tyrone puts his arms around
Greg's thick neck and shoulders. The two musclemen were excited to discover
one another again. Kissing over and over. It didn't take long for Greg to
lower his head to Tyrone chest. Private Miller began gently sucking on
Tyrone's beautiful nipples." I'm free tonight and tomorrow. The last time
we were together on this couch I was very intensely eating your ass,
Sergeant. I've thought about that over and over. Will you allow me to take
care of you tonight? I'd love to serve you if you're free, Sir."

"I'd love that, Greg. I've thought about you so many times too," Tyrone
tells Greg.

"I wish you would have called me." Greg declares.

"I hoped we would have connected. My plate has been full. And, I didn't
want to pressure you with my rank."

"I would have loved it if you pressured me, Sergeant. I'm a full-fledged
sub. You can do whatever you want to me. I'd love to prove that to you."
Greg says.

"That might be kind of a difficult... My brain is definitely confused. I
love to be a Dom, Greg... but I also really love to get fucked. I want to
be worshipped and used, if that makes any sense." Tyrone explains, thinking
that his requirements are over the top.

"You know sir, I'm certain that you can tell how much you turn me on." As
Greg takes Tyrone's left hand and places it on his very hard cock. "You're
a Sergeant. You should be able to get whatever you want. You know who I am
and what I do. I'm a sub, as you well know... but I also fuck clients
whenever they need for me to. Will you just allow for me to take care of
you tonight and tomorrow? I'll find out my schedule for the next few days,
tomorrow."

"You bet. I'd love that." Tyrone tells Greg. Greg wasn't waiting to listen
to Tyrone's response. Greg already had his belt unbuckled by the time
Tyrone gave his consent.

The porn crew had moved into the gym and continued the video shoot, fucking
Tim at this point. Cameras had been running about 25 minutes, so one third
of their capacity. Anton took over the handheld video. "It gets tiring to
hold the camera steady... even if it's so light."

Tom walks up to Zelsky and says. "How does it look to you?

"It looks like you're doing it right but, honestly, I can't see much. There
are no monitors except when I look over your shoulder. But watching the
boys certainly makes my dick hard. 

"Yes, I can see that." Tom says, taking the large Zelsky penis into his
almost warm hands and stroking it a few times making it react.

"You just trying to tease me or do you have a plan?" Alex asks dryly.

"I've been thinking about fucking you. Did you enjoy me fucking you?" Tom
asks.

"Yes, though I had never thought I would do that. Ever."

"Is it a problem for you...I mean I .. I think I should get back door
privileges?" Tom states. "Or do I need a hall pass?"

" So, I guess you're saying that I should just let you fuck me
whenever... I should just bend over whenever you say?" Alex clarifies.

"You know... I believe that I've heard you tell me more than once that you
want to submit to me." Tom reminds Zelsky.

"So that means that I have to hand over my butt hole to you whenever you
want to fuck me?"

"Pretty much." Tom responds, "Our relationship isn't only about sex, I
realize that. But it's partially about sex. It's about lots of intimate
stuff. You've sucked my dick. I don't remember me cumming in your mouth
though. I've sucked your cock more than a couple of times, but really,
who's counting?"

"So, you pissing in my mouth that night in the showers doesn't count for
anything?

"It certainly does. And Piss is the second most awesome thing you can do in
a mouth. I've loved it every time you've pissed in my mouth and blew a load
of cum. And I don't want to trade that for anything." Tom positions. "I've
been thinking about what I want to do with you next. I want to eat your ass
out, even right now.... I want it all. But I also want to give you all the
gifts I've got to share with you. We both deserve that. You know?

"I do. Do you want to do this in your room? Alex asks.

"You know. I think I want to do this right here, where Kevin can
watch. Where Tyrone and Anton can see it happen. So we don't have to tip
toe around anymore. Let's just do it. Nobody cares but you.  And it will
get talked about much less than if we go up to the room. You just do what's
natural and then it's done. Just let everybody watch. The more these guys
know, the less they'll speculate."

Alex: "I know that to be true. But it's pretty difficult for me to let down
all the guards I have built up as a result of having a career in the
Army. That doesn't happen by snapping my fingers... or yours."

Tom: "But, by that old standard you'd never be able to fall in love or
submit or have a sex life. Look how much you've grown in the past couple of
weeks. I'm not telling you to sacrifice your career, Alex. I'm saying let's
nurture the new you together. This new you can flourish because your
happiness emanates from that place. The old you is evaporating." Tom speaks
slowly and unequivocally. "Every time we touch or kiss, I can feel
that... I'm guessing that it's easier for me to see than for you. You're
holding on to some old Army shit. I understand. But think about this... all
the stuff that goes on here between us, and Kevin... couldn't have happened
to you even just a few week ago. You're changing, dude. You're challenged,
you're searching, you're happy. You're seeing yourself through my
eyes... and you're quite a man, Sergeant. But not just by the Army's
standards, but by our standards. You and me and Kevin and the men here. All
you have to do is drop those walls that you've been building for years. I
don't mean to attack you, I'm just trying to help the new you climb out of
your old skin." And with that, Tom reaches up and takes Alex into a
passionate kiss and hug, staring him in the eyes and not looking away.

"Okay... look, I know that this is going on, but sometimes my brain wants
to step on the brakes." Alex Zelsky says in a slightly lower voice. "I
really loved fucking you, Tom. And I always love fucking Kevin. I think
that when I consider you putting your sexy cock in my ass, it feels like I
have to give up fucking the men that I love. Is my brain lying to me, Tom?"

"Yes. You don't have to give up anything other than your anal
virginity. You can still fuck us. Though I could probably use some help
getting used to your big size. I hope you'll allow me to work up to it."
Alexander Zelsky put his long arms around Tom Lansford and gave him a
squeeze. He got a little weepy even while he was smiling through a small
amount of tears. "It's good to let go of the old shit, Alex. And I'm always
here to talk it through if you want."

"You're a good guy, Sergeant. I'm glad that you're here to guide me. I
realize that I permit an occasional speed bump to slow me down. So, thank
you." Alex responds. "So boss, you still want to fuck me?"

"Of course. But, now, I think that I need to get back to guiding this video
shoot. I think it won't go on for too much longer. Let's go find out where
the guys are." Tom tells Alex. "Anton will probably be in his old office."

Anton tells the two Sergeants that the boys are still in the gym, but that
Private Noah Peltski is using the iPhone to shoot the closeups. As they
quietly walk into watch the shoot, they realize that a group has been
enticed to watch the show. Among them, Paul Porter and Sebastian Carter are
standing, watching and jackin' their cocks. They all are loving the scene
of Owen on his knees fucking Tim, while Kevin is sitting on Tim's
face... Sebastian walks over to the growing cast and sticks his 9-inch hard
dick in Kevin's mouth, who immediately goes to town on it. Kevin really
does love sucking cock which will, once again, prove evident when the guys
watch the video.

In an effort to not disturb the shoot, Tom looks at Anton and gestures to
his watch, asking `how much time?' Anton holds up his hand with 5 wide
fingers pointing up, meaning 5 minutes. Anton pulls Tom and Zelski out of
the gym and they walk back over to the showers. Anton says, "we still need
to shoot a few minutes here in the dressing room just to make sure the last
2 cameras are working. Does that sound reasonable?"

"Sure, I'm kind of excited to see what we got." Tom comments.

"If everything goes well, I think we'll have a rough edit by sometime in
the morning." Anton says, "but no promises yet, this being my first editing
project. I'm really excited too, I've been envisioning doing this for a
long time, so I've been watching videos on You Tube for a couple of years.

"Anton... will we be able to watch the finished video on the TV in the
Family room?" Tom asks.

"Should be able to transfer a file to a USB drive and then just plug it
into the TV. I might have to set it up beforehand. I don't know
yet... never done it,"

"I'd like to be able to show this video sooner than later so that it's a
surprise to the guys. They might start to talk about it before we have a
chance to explain it all. So let me know when it's ready... I think we're
going to need some popcorn ... and beer." Sergeant Lansford tells Anton,
but making sure that Zelsky hears him.

Zelsky laughs. "I think I smell a party in the making. Tomorrow you think?"

If Anton can do what I think he can do then, I think so." Sergeant Lansford
shares.

Tom has a quick thought and heads toward Anton, speaking as he walks. "You
know, Anton, we don't need a full length movie. We just need 5 to 10
minutes in each room. This effort is about making sure we know what we're
doing and then using the video to show all the men. We're not looking for a
studio premier, just `show and don't tell'...."

"Ha... sounds like a title for our video." Anton laughs.

Tom to Alex: "Let's go watch" The two men and a couple others who'd been
watching the scene in the Gym followed over to the dressing room, all of
the men in the room are naked.

Noah asks Tom, "What is this about. I mean, it's sexy as hell but why are
they doing it?"

"I'm probably going to tell everyone tomorrow. So, there'll be a meeting
tomorrow at some point. Come to that meeting, okay?" Is Tom's explanation.

"You guys want to take a break? It's okay if you do, but you can keep
playing if you want," Tom tells the porn boys.

"I'm quite tired, mostly of squatting on the floor. I'm gonna take a break
guys." Kevin tells his play mates.

"That was fun," Sebastian says. "I'm glad I came down stairs. I wouldn't
have wanted to miss that. And, Kevin. I love your BJs, man. You're the
best."

"Dude, anytime. And, gotta say, your piss always tastes so great. Thanks!"
Kevin tells Seb.

"What do you guys want to do?" Kevin asks Tom and Alex. "I need to take a
quick shower."

"Are you into having your ass eaten?" Tom turns to ask Alex.

"Um... okay. What are you asking me?" Zelsky asks.

"I'm actually telling you that I want you to come into the showers so I can
give you a deep cleanout."

"Tell me what you want me to do."

"Alex, go take a big shit and then come back to the showers. I'm gonna
stick a hose up your butt. I'm gonna flush out that big cavern with warm
water. You'll love it." Tom directs.

In the Family Room Greg has stripped off most of the First Sergeant's
uniform and is tongue bathing almost all of his sensitive bits and balls
and holes. "Do you think that your big cock will fit in my hole? I'd love
it if you'd fuck me, Sergeant." Private Miller says.

"All I can promise is that I'll go slow. But, Greg, I want you to come to
my house and fuck me tonight too. Can we do that?

"Oh, yes Sir. We can." Greg tells him excitedly. "Can I ride with you? I
don't have a car." Private Miller asks.

"Go get dressed Private. And bring your toothbrush," The First Sergeant
says, smiling. "I'll wait down here."

When Zelsky arrives in the shower room, he finds Tom cleaned up and cleaned
out. "Bend over and spread those big glutes for me." Tom has the cleanout
hose water up to pretty warm and the nozzle greased. "I'm entering your
hole now," and Tom sticks the Vaseline like lube on the nozzle and gently
enters Zelsky's big crack. He likes the warm water washing out his
hole. "Okay, go over to the drain in push it all out. Then come back, I'm
doing it again." Tom watches to see that the second washout produces clean
water. "Now, that didn't hurt a bit." Tom smiles. Alex looked like he'd
just visited a doctor. Tom kept his left hand on the small of Zelsky's
back, and quickly took advantage of the greased hole in front of him. Tom
stuck his thumb into Zelsky's butt hole and fucked him with it for a few
seconds. At that same time Tom withdraw his thumb, he quickly replaced it
with two fingers and fucked him a bit more, loosening the hole up so they
could easily use the big hole in a few minutes, when they got upstairs to
Apartment 14.

Kevin and Owen had been using the showers at the same time as Tom was
cleaning out Zelsky's butt. Both guys were thinking the same thing: `I wish
it was me doing that.' Kevin mentions to Owen that he can't wait to see
what he might find for him upstairs. Owen was busy washing out his own ass
and didn't respond verbally at that moment, but he was certainly thinking
that he wants to stop by Apartment 14 and see what was going on.... He
hates being left out. As easily pleased as he was to be invited to be a
porn star, he could easily become disappointed by being left out a few
minutes later. Kevin had been tracking the dynamics that he'd witnessed
between his two favorite men. It seemed to Kevin that Sergeant Lansford and
Sergeant Zelsky were becoming chummier than he'd ever seen. He was happy
that the two sergeants were getting along so well, but was also concerned
that he might become the odd man out.

When Private Greg Miller got his clothes on, he scurried down the stairs to
find First Sergeant Tyrone Brown also dressed. "I can't wait to get naked
with you again, Sir. Let's go find your car." Tyrone smiled and wiggled his
eyebrows, seemingly involuntarily. Tyrone's hard cock shown through his
pants as they walked out the door.

When Kevin entered the apartment, he was smiling. Alex was sitting on the
plastic chair and Tom was sitting back, on the bed, but against the
wall. The atmosphere in the small room dropped a few degrees when Kevin saw
Tom and Alex rubbing each other's inner thighs. "So... I'm not sure if I
should even ask. But, am I part of this anymore?

Zelsky beats Tom to the punch. "Of course. Nothing has changed with
you. But, Kevin... I've really changed a lot in the past couple of
weeks. When you introduced us at you party I was a bit surprised to meet
Corporal Lansford. Now I've become such a big fan. I decided I needed to
fit in with you two... I admire you both so much. You guys have opened my
eyes to new things that I would have never tried before spending time with
you. I've fallen for you both," Zelsky speaks slowly, "But I'm the same
with you and Tom is the same with you. The big difference is that Tom has
ascended into a Dom role, I guess I should call it. And I've fallen in love
with the idea of becoming a submissive to him, something I've given a good
deal of thought. He's an awesome guy, as you know. So, I want you to
understand that you have the same relationship with each of us that you've
had all along. He loves you. I love you. I still want you to be my
ambassador and all that. But now, fairly often it will be a threesome.  I'm
pretty sure that you're good with a 3-way based on all the shit we saw you
involved with this evening." Alex Zelsky grins. "But if you ever need alone
time with either of us, you can have it. I'm not taking Tom away from you."
Alex looks to Tom and asks, "Did I explain that clearly enough?

"So, we're gonna be like a family, you mean?" Kevin asks

"Pretty much." Tom responds.

"Can you imagine you two doing anything that I wouldn't want to be part
of?" Kevin submits. "I have to admit that sometimes I get a little jealous
of what you guys get up to, so I'm glad that I get to be part of whatever
this is. Just please keep me in the loop. It's hard to imagine what certain
things mean. I hate having to guess what my relationship with you two
is. You're both really important to me."

Tom Chuckles a little. "I understand that. It makes my stomach turn inside
out when you get taken away from me as well," turning to Kevin.

"Why didn't you ever say anything about this?" Zelsky ask Tom.

"Well, because Kevin has an Army obligation to take care of you."

"Wow, I didn't consider that." Zelsky says.

"Neither did I," Kevin pipes in.

"Look, I'm just a guy who has relationships, like both of you have," Tom
explains. "The Dom role is a bit new for me. I've realized only very
recently that I'm actually a Dom. And I'm a Dom because I like to control
submissive men that I like... that would be you two. Furthermore, I still
have sexual needs just like I always have, and like you guys have. I don't
want to miss out on sex... especially when you two make it look so lewd and
attractive... so I'm not crazy about being left out any more than you are.

"You don't get satisfied as a Dom?" Alex asks.

"I do. But I still like to get fucked once in a while, just like you
boys. That doesn't just suddenly subside because I'm a Dom. I'm not just an
observer here. I'm a participant, and I'm glad that we're talking about it
because I have no guilt about wanting to satisfy my needs. And I need you
two to be aware of that. I believe that none of us want to be on the
outside, so let's make a rule between us. We are open with each other. And
we can participate together or not, our own choice. And, I don't know if
you know this rule in this house, but no one can say 'No' to a request. Did
you know that, Alex?"

"I did. I was with Tyrone when he came up with that rule. It's pretty
cleaver." Zelsky tells his new family members.

"So, then, how do we celebrate our new tryst?" Kevin asks. "I have a
suggestion. Can I be your boy tonight? I want to serve both of you."

"You can, but that doesn't mean I'm gonna just sit back and wait my turn,"
Tom looks at Alex and winks.

"How do you want me?" Alex says.

"I want you on your back. Legs up. I'm gonna eat this ass," Tom tells
Alex. "Kevin, sit on Alex's face and lick his balls for a while. Get him
hard... I mean Harder."

Sergeant Alexander Zelsky grunts as Tom pushes his knees back up toward his
chest. Most of Zelsky's weight now rests on his shoulders, Kevin sitting on
his face and holding the large man's legs open. Kevin helps Zelsky balance
himself. Kevin begins to lick and slurp over his balls that are hanging
down toward his chest. The large man has never been in this position in his
life. Kevin slurping over his balls and taint, ignoring the large cock
that's dangling downward. Tom starts to lick the big cavern in search of a
hole for his tongue to land. Tom's face, licking Alex's crack, meets Kevin
in the middle both men doing their best to include Alex' taint but
deciding, without using words, for both of these hot soldiers to lick
balls, butthole and taint together for a few minutes, with Tom and Kev
making out together without losing contact with Alex's more delicate
areas. The two men cleaning Alex's balls at the same time... then kissing
his taint and then sharing his dark canyon, back and forth, knowing exactly
how to entice the large boner to mature into an effigy. Alex trapped in an
uncomfortable position doesn't want to escape from it as he's never
experienced such a divine sexual situation. Breathlessly, Alex says, "Oh my
god. Don't stop. Please don't stop."

Tom spreads Alex's glutes wider apart. Kevin, still focusing more on the
big man's balls and taint, begins to help power his legs back with his
elbows, freeing his hands to grab the big man's ass and pull his muscular
glutes apart, giving Tom even more access to the man's hole. Tom wastes no
time in entering the dark hairy hole with his tongue, tasting the skightly
nutty flavor that's likely never been sampled before this moment. Tom pulls
out his tongue and spits on the hole a couple of times before inserting a
finger from each hand and trying to open the hole wider to obtain deeper
entry. Tom felt as though he needed to conquer the Zelsky cave before
attempting to mount it with his cock. Kevin knew exactly what Tom's
objective was. Though it was unspoken, Alex undoubtedly knew too. But rules
are rules. He's not permitted to say `no.'

When Tom had reached his goal, he looks at Kevin and says, "It's
delicious. Want a taste?" Kevin jumped at the opportunity and happily
plunged is own tongue in to the somewhat stretched hole.

"Uhhhhh... ummm." Zelsky made a sound. A potential objection. Possibly
objecting to his hole being offered to someone else... another man.

Tom thought quickly and decided not to get into a discussion with
Zelsky. "Shut your mouth. Right now, you're just a fuckin sub hole." Tom
tells him.

Tom tells Kevin... "start stroking his dick. I'm going to fuck him. I want
you to suck his dick at the same time... And then, look out. He's gonna
blow hard." As soon as Tom gets his 10.5 inch cock into Alex's ass, he
starts to moan. Not entirely out of satisfaction. "He's probably never been
controlled like this before. "Don't worry Alex. We're just breakin you in,
sub boy. You're gonna remember this." Tom slaps his ass, mildly the first
time, shoves his cock in a little deeper and spanks his ass with the back
of this hand much harder. "Just one more major push and then... yup, I'm
all the way in." Tom doesn't have to search to find Zelsky's prostate for
very long and starts to pump his dick slowly at first, finding the
comfortable place. Speeding up after the initial cockpit checklist
run-through. Pre-check complete. Tom tells Kevin..."get that big cock in
your mouth, Kevin. Do what you do. I want you to go at the same pace I fuck
him."

Alex had never been controlled like this. He'd never been in this
position. A bit confused because, for the very first time ever he had no
control over any of it. He's dreamt about being a sub. He's desired to be
Tom's boy in this way. But now that he's here, getting fucked in the ass,
with absolutely no say or control over his situation, being fully fucked
and controlled by his favorite Sergeant, with the assistance of his own
ambassador, it didn't even occur to him that he had any say in this
situation. This is the first time ever that Zelsky has been given no
control over anything to do with his own sexual immersion. He's stated his
desire to be involved with these two men, but hasn't given his consent to
be fucked tonight. Sergeant Lansford's words, `... you're just a fuckin
hole,' hang in Alex's mind as he's getting pounded and sucked off at the
same time. The thought of him being used this way, without his permission
made him think hard, quickly reasoning that he couldn't ask for anything
more. He asked to be treated like a sub, and he's irreversibly getting what
he wants. He's getting used. He also came to the realization that it's very
hard to walk away from a totally fulfilling sexual situation. So he did was
most subs do in a situation like this... he submitted. What choice did he
have? `I'm just a fuckin hole,' he thought to himself. "That's what Tom
told me."

Tom paced the fucking to go slowly so that all 3 men could enjoy this for a
long while. Kevin taking almost 6 inches of the 12.5-inch Zelsky
cock. Kevin's throat got fairly worked by the porn shoot earlier in the
evening. But he didn't bitch about it. He couldn't be happier than doing
exactly what he's doing. Alex couldn't really speak as his mouth was block
by Kevin's wide ass sitting on it. Alex was learning to love the taste,
which he recognized as being deposited there by Owen's dick probably 20
minutes earlier... another first. Several minutes went by at the same
gratifying pace. All parts well lubed and working like a machine. Alex's
cock started to get very sensitive. His large balls drew tight. Tom reached
up and pulled his ball sack down toward his ass to stall the impending
orgasm. That worked but only for 30 or 40 seconds. Zelsky's balls were
pretty much used to getting their way. "Kevin... squeeze his nipples and
see what happens. Of course, Tom knew exactly what would happen. As Alex's
ass started to convulse around Tom's cock, Tom pumped harder and faster
trying to time their explosions to erupt simultaneously. It was pretty
close. Kevin watched in wonderment to see Zelsky's large body respond so
violently.  Tom shot a very large loud in Alex's ass as Tom narrated what
he was going through, step-by-step. "I'm gonna shoot a load pretty deep in
your ass buddy. You're such a good boy. You did great." Tom kept pumping
for several more strokes, squeezing his own cock as he pulled out of Alex's
ass. "I want you to stay right there, boy... Kevin I want you to hold his
legs up just like they are. We're going to change places. Okay, Zelsky, I'm
gonna show you exactly why it's so important of you to have a clean ass."
With his words, Tom shoves his still rock hard cock in Alex's mouth. "Clean
that up for me. Lick it clean, sub boy." And Alex did. He was a good
boy. "Now, Alex, get off the bed and get on your knees." Alex did as he was
instructed. Tom stuck his cock in Alex's mouth and started to piss. "Here's
your reward, good boy. You did so good." Alex swallowed it down... like a
good boy. He understood his sub role now, better than ever. He liked being
a good boy. He was proud that his Dom had told him.

Several minutes later, as the three men was coming off of their post orgasm
high, they decided to get a beer from the kitchen. All three naked men
walked down the stairs on full display, and of course, they few men of the
house that were still gathered around the kitchen were eager to know all of
what took place over that previous 35 minutes.

Owen sees that the three men are slightly warn and somewhat hard. Everyone
aware that the three just had sex. Owen asks Zelsky if he had fun? Zelsky,
without any thought tells Owen, "Well, yeah, one thing is I tasted a load
of your cum that you shot in Kevin's ass. It was delicious." Owen just
beamed and kissed Zelsky on the lips. "That's so awesome."

Kevin drank a beer. Tom drank a Diet Coke. Zelsky drank a bottle of water.

Zelsky, sitting on a stool, Tom steps up, spreads Zelsky's knees so he can
get close to Zelsky's face. "So, Sergeant, You still wanna be my boy?"

"Oh, yes Sir. I really do. I didn't understand what that meant until
now. So, thank you." Says Zelsky.



Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/ and all the great works they
archive.

Write me at SgtEvans44@gmail.com. Let me know what you think about Zelsky
turning sub.

---

Untitled (Chapter 12)

Date: Mon, 10 Nov 2025 14:18:26 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 48

Kevin Jones - New Orders Under Military and Urination, is a story about
Piss and kink and a sexy Army Private e. This is a fictional story about
adult gay military men. If you aren't interested in this subject, or this
is illegal where you live, please stop reading. But, Please Support
Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/ and all the great works they archive.

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear which are your favorite characters.

Kevin Jones - New Orders 48

Day 26		1700 Hours

"I really do understand you're not wanting to change your relationship with
Kevin, I don't want to change my relationship with him either. I really
like having a partner. And I'm grateful that we don't have to tip-toe
around in front of each other." Tom tells Alex.

"Usually subs aren't so aggressive." Alex Zelsky shares. "They more
typically take what they're given. Kevin is more of a Sub Power Bottom, I
think. He figures out how to get what he wants. It's really quite
impressive."

"He's actually a very giving young man, too." Tom adds.

"And sexier than fuck... I think that if he weren't in the Army he would
likely be a successful porn personality."

"You think? We've actually never taken any pics around here because it's
not a good policy to allow pics of a secret Intel group." Tom
speculates. "Although we do kind of make our own rules."

"I don't know... these days it seems like everyone thinks about having a
video of themselves sucking a dick on the internet for anyone to see. It
doesn't seem to be a shameful thing anymore." Alex observes.

"A little while ago you told me that I can't discuss me dominating you with
the other guys," Tom reminds Alex, "But the truth is that we play in the
showers and, while I'll never discuss it, the boys are going to observe our
interaction. If we're going to do this, I'm not going to hold back. I don't
even know if I can. I'll be in that Dom headspace, you know."

"Well, then maybe I'll have to slap you around a little just to protect my
reputation as a he-man." Both men grinning.

"Just don't damage any of us. You're so big that you could just by
accident."

"I won't. I do understand the headspace issue. It is the cornerstone of
success." Alex shares.

"How's that?"

"Well, whatever thing you want to experience, you have to really go for
it. You have to want it. You have to believe it. If you want to be a Dom,
in-charge guy, you have to believe that you have what it takes. If you want
to be a great Sub then you have to imagine yourself in that role and being
good at it. And you have to be dedicated to it. And then, if you're like
me, you'd want to find a quality Dom who I can submit to. And, while I
didn't push myself into that role, I found that I could really imagine
myself in that role when we were playing in the shower with Kevin. It has
been really fun playing with you and Keven and Owen and some other guys
here. I hadn't done any water sports until a couple of weeks before I came
out to the base. I was really intrigued by it. You had the nerve to piss in
my mouth when we were fuckin around in the shower a few days ago. I already
knew that I was attracted to you because you have what it takes, But when
you pissed down my throat I realized pretty quickly that I wanted to submit
myself to you. Obviously I like you both, but the fact that you are already
a Sergeant and you assumed your command almost effortlessly, I knew you had
what I need. And I'm very happy that you aren't like a 100 percent Dom
asshole who's looking to be served all day. I can't do that; You even want
to continue to explore sexually. I appreciate that. It's something that I
can watch and learn from. But I also really care about you and Kevin and
that makes it so much easier. Plus, you're a really good kisser."

"Thanks for telling me that." Sergeant Lansford says to Sergeant
Zelsky. "I'll try not to let you down. Let's go find Kevin... are you
Hungry?

"I am. Can we drive off base? Zelsky asks.

"Yes, but I think we should put some clothes on." Tom suggests. "I'll see
if Sean has a car we can grab.

The two sergeants find Kevin in the shower, naked, on his knees, sucking on
Private Owen West's 9-inch cock. Kevin and Owen, both the same dimensions
and sexual mindset make for good buddies, though neither is in love with
the other, except that they both love to suck cock and feed one another a
bladder full of piss occasionally. They are both wildly kinky and
playful... even aggressive. It doesn't hurt that they can't ever tell each
other 'no', or anyone else at the House. Tom tells Owen, "that bench that
you're sitting on is a good addition to the shower. Scoot over, there's
room for two." Owen slides over now knowing who he's making room for. Tom
sits on the bench next to Owen and reaches up to Owens chest and feels
around like a sculptor smoothing clay. "Zelsky, you got to pee? I could use
a shower." Tom smirks at Alex as he looks up at the large man standing in
front of him. Zelsky's cock always appears to be 40% hard, even when it's
not... it's just so large.

"Yup I do." Zelsky answers. Tom sees that Zelsky's cock is about to start
flowing. He grabs it and aims it toward his own mouth. Zelsky was a bit
hesitant, not wanting to misread Tom's comment or body language. Tom licked
at the underside of Zelsky's large cock-head which is the international
sign giving permission to proceed to piss. Tom takes a couple of mouthfuls
in, and then grabs Owen's face and drizzles most of it into Owen's mouth as
they briefly kiss.

"Thank you, sir,... or sirs." Owen tells the Sergeants, as Kevin continues
to suck his cock. "Kevin, don't stop. I'm gonna piss now." Kevin didn't
miss a beat. He gulped down the golden goodness as he continued to suck
Owen's 9-inch shaft.

"Keep it coming, Zelsky. Piss on my chest." Tom rubbed the piss all over
his chest and abs, taking Zelsky's pissing cock back in his mouth for a
moment as he stood up... and then he moved forward and spit the entire
mouthful of piss into Zelsky's mouth, pushing Zelsky's chin up, making him
swallow his own urine. Tom sharply giving Zelsky a titty-twister as he
walked past toward the shower head. Kevin's head was in Owen's lap but Owen
was watching the entire maneuver and guffawed in shock, embarrassing
himself. Zelsky appreciated Tom's execution of the planned attack,
chuckling even as he held his nipple in pain.

Zelsky looks at Owen and speaks with a slight smile loudly enough for Tom
to hear, "that was vicious. I'll get even."

After only a quick rinse off, walking back over to the three men, Tom asks
Owen, "Are you close? We want to grab some lunch."

Kevin looks up, "Hey, artist at work here." And goes right back to sucking
Owen's cock.

"I'm really enjoying this. Kevin's an awesome cock sucker. Maybe if I had
some inspiration," Owen comfortably tells the two sergeants. Tom looks up
at Zelsky and nods toward Owen, sitting on the bench. Tom starts pissing on
Owen's chest. Zelsky joins and starts pissing on his face, aiming toward
his mouth.

"Here's your inspiration, sub boy." Owen's cock fairly quickly started
spewing cum down Kevin's throat as Owen gulped down as much piss as
possible but it was overwhelming his capacity to swallow.

"Take a shower. We're going to get a cheeseburger. You're coming with us,
Owen." Tom stated.

"Yes, Sir!" Owen jumped up, still hard as a rock.

Kevin ran around and grabbed 4 white towels, hanging each on a hook next to
the shower head. Tom starts to wash himself off but quickly soaps up
Zelsky's massive back and ass, rubbing him down, cleaning his ass crack by
hand without any concern of who's watching. Kevin does the same for Owen,
Owen does the same for Tom... soon the 4 men were washing chests, and pits
and kissing one another... Everyone had a growing boner, which also got
soaped up and cleaned. "I've dreamed about this," Kevin told his
buddies. "But this isn't how it ended in my dream."

"Let's get dressed. Sean will bring us a car in a few minutes. I'm going to
invite Anton to join us." Tom says to Zelsky.

The five clothed men meet the Car out front. They drive Sean back to the
motor pool, and drive off to their favorite burger palace. "I'm going to
talk about this for a minute in the car since we can't openly discuss this
plan in a public restaurant," Sergeant Lansford shares. "Kevin and Owen, I
want you guys to have sex at the House."

Kevin says, "what's different? We all have sex at the House." All 5 men
laugh a bit.

"Very true. But we're going to install some cameras around the house and we
want to test the cameras, the angles, shoot some video and then edit it. I
want you guys to be our porn stars and play in several rooms, standing,
sitting, bending over, kissing, fucking, etc. And if some of the guys walk
by and want to join you, that's fine, but don't tell them what we're
doing. We need to test out the system and see if we need to change
anything. Anton, are there cameras that can be turned on by remote control?
I'm thinking that we are better off letting all the cameras roll and edit
out the dead spots. Does that make sense?

"Yeah, but we'll probably learn a bunch of shit by doing this test." Anton
tells the men.

"So, Kevin and Owen... we don't have many secrets around the house. I'm
guessing that almost everyone has fucked with most of our men. Do you think
that's true? Tom asks.

Owen, Kevin and Anton pretty much agree with that.

"So, Owen and Kevin. We're going to shoot a porn movie in certain rooms of
the House. Will you be okay with everyone in the house watching this little
movie?" The Sergeant asks... "we need for them to understand what's going
on and the best way to share that is to show them."

"Fuck, yeah. I've had a porn fantasy for years." Kevin responds.

Owen adds, "there's nobody in the House that hasn't watched me suckin
someone's cock, but is this just going to be seen by the guys, right?"

"This is a test... we plan t learn how to shoot videos. We have to do real
stuff to get it right, as with anything. We need to practice.

"Are one of you going to be the director?" Owen asks.

"Do we get to practice our scenes?" Kevin asks. "

Anton replies, "guys, the whole thing is a rehearsal. We only imagine this
is going to work. We don't know for a fact. Plus, I've only seen video
editing on YouTube. I've never really done it. Though I must say, I can't
wait to see what we come up with."

When they arrive at the restaurant, all the men order cheeseburgers. They
decide to split one order of Onion Rings between them. Every single one
complained that the Onion Rings are very fattening and they shouldn't be
eating them, but by the end of the meal they had been completely consumed.

"When do we shoot the video?" Kevin asks.

"I will order the cameras tonight on line." Anton details, "So we'll likely
have them in a couple of days and installed by the end of the week."

Kevin leans over to Owen and softly says, "Who's gonna fuck who?"

Zelsky shares his thought: "You know, we need to get all kinds of shots so
that we get to figure out what kinds of positions. This first run through
is more about making sure the cameras work. We already know you guys know
how to suck a dick. That's not what this first run through is
about. Believe me, nobody enjoys watching you two more than me."

"That's because your dick is usually in their mouth." Tom observes.

"I have imagined myself sucking your cock on camera. I'll bet your cock
will look spectacular on camera," Kevin says in a low tone. "Can we at
least see what it looks like?"

"No." Zelsky answers.

"Are you worried about being on camera?" Kevin asks.

"Yes." Zelsky responds. "It could be compromising"

"Can we try it without showing your face?" Kevin suggests

"Let's see how the shoots go. I'd love to have a video of you two
worshipping me." Zelsky tells Kevin and Owen, sporting a big grin.

Kevin looks at Owen quickly to see his reaction, and finds Owen staring
back with pleasure at the thought. "We feel the same." Kevin tells the big
man. One could see on Tom's face that he was feeling that he was the odd
man out at that moment, though he could certainly reason that he was the
guy causing this fantasy distraction. He looked over at Anton whose
expression mirrored Tom's momentary mood. He kind of gave Anton a high sign
with his eyebrows. Anton smirked back, acknowledging their shared
discontent.

After the meal, Tom ordered 3 cheeseburgers to go: one for Sergeant Brown,
and one for each of the twins. Each of them was grateful for the meal and
thanks Tom profusely. "You're still taking care of me... I appreciate it. I
forget to eat sometimes." Sergeant Tyrone Brown tells him.

Once back at the House, the 5 men strip down for the evening. Anton shows
the others where cameras might be placed around the showers and gym. Tom
suggests that they check where the best perspectives would be. Kevin and
Owen decide that they should act out certain position that they imagine
would make a good movie. With each position, the two did their best to
dedicate themselves to getting it just right. Sergeant Zelsky, seeing an
opportunity to inspire his buddies, walks over the kitchen and pulls 5
beers out of the refrigerator. Popping one open as he hands it to each of
the 4 other men. Kevin and Owen, excited by the practice touching and
practice kissing are soon getting practice hard-ons in order to show their
apparent director what might look sexy on camera. With Anton in tow, they
increasingly imagine what the various scenes might look like through a
video screen. Zelsky sips his beer, so does Anton. Tom tells Kevin to suck
Owen's cock. As the two stars continue to throttle up the pretend sexual
practice, Tom guzzles his beer and asks Anton to grab a second
round. Zelsky keep track of the escalation of the practice porn. By the
time Anton returns with the beers he realized that Tom and Zelsky are
stroking their cocks a little to keep up with the growing enthusiasm.

"Zelsky, come here. Check out this angle. If you were the director of this
scene," Tom holds his hands together with his thumbs touching just like a
movie director might envision a scene, "Would you want to see Kevin sucking
on Owen's cock or would you rather see him eating Owen's ass?" The boys are
exhilarated by the direction and are acting out the scene as Tom verbalizes
how he sees the action.

Zelsky says, "I'd love to see some bystanders come along and piss on Owen's
hole while Kevin is eating it out.  Think that would make a good scene?"

"I can imagine that. Let's see how that might look." Tom says as he looks
up at Zelsky's face and grins. The two men start pissing on Owen's butt
hole which Kevin hungrily slurps up, still imagining that this is a
rehearsal for the porn movie. Private Noah Peltsky, who has been observing
the scene outside of the large glassed-in shower, along with Private
Sebastian Carter, both naked as usual, decide that they're going to join in
the scene, they walk around into to shower, each stroking their cocks as
they walk with growing grins. "Good evening," Tom tells them. "Glad you
could join us."

"Thanks... we're both so fuckin horny. We just came down to see what's
going on." Noah tells Tom.

"What interests you? Tom asks.

 "Actually, Sir, we're both lookin to serve this evening. Can I taste your
cock? Maybe Seb and I can service you both?"

"Yeah, I'm not sure both of our dicks will fit in your mouth at the same
time." Tom jests.

"... I meant one at a time. We'll switch." Says Noah.

"We'll see... you know, Noah, sometimes Sergeant Zelsky's cock is big
enough for 2 or 3 men to service it. You'll probably need me to direct
you." Sergeant Lansford tells them.

"Yes SIR! May we start?" Seb asks, as he takes the large cock head and
wraps his mouth around it.

"I think you should. I'm sure you don't want him to lose interest, do you?
Tom looks up and grins as he finishes his sentence. Tom puts his right hand
behind Zelsky's neck and plants a big wet kiss on the tall Sergeant
standing next to him, and whispers, "Give him a taste."

Zelsky promptly pisses a large sample into Sebastian's mouth, which
surprises Seb and he starts to cough while he's swallowing down Zelsky's
urine. "Thank you, sir, delicious sir." Sebastian attempts to take the big
dick even further down his throat, pulling off momentarily to say, "more
sir?"

"You bet." Zelsky's cock grows a little harder as he pisses into Seb's
mouth.

"I think you're gonna needs another couple of beers, big man." Tom tells
Alex. "It's a good thing we ate dinner. But I want you to hold back a
bit. Don't blow your entire load."

"Kevin... come here. Suck on my cock." Kevin obediently stands up from
having Owen's butt in his mouth for the last several minutes. "Owen, I want
you to taste Zelsky's butthole. Come on... do it."

"Noah, get Zelsky's balls in your mouth. Start cleaning `em." Tom
directs. Noah continues mostly licking the large nuts until Zelsky receives
his next order from Tom.

Tom fires his bladder load into Kevin's mouth, though not emptying it out
quite yet. "Suck that shit down boyfriend and just keep sucking."

Anton includes all 7 guys in the next round of beers. "Gotta stay ready."

Tom drags Kevin over to the bench with him, forcing him to resume his
service. "Hey Anton, It's been a long time since you fed me. Come over
here. Aim for my mouth."

Anton shoots from his semi hard, but very long cock, hitting Tom on the
chin and spilling down onto Tom's chest and abs, Kevin quickly cleaning it
up, like a good boy.

Lot's of wet hands are grabbing every cock and most glutes in the shower
room. Tom looks up at Zelsky as Zelsky locks onto him. Tom wiggles his
forefinger to say `come here' to the big man. Zelsky leans forward and Tom
holds the back of Zelsky's neck so that he can't move away easily. Then he
whispers in Zelsky's ear: "Alex, I need you to suck my cock now." Zelsky
freezes for several seconds just staring into the younger Sergeant's eyes,
because he has never been comfortable sucking a cock in front of other
men. He's always been the Dom in the room. But he certainly recognizes the
power Tom has over him and knows that he's been ordered to perform in front
of these other men. Perhaps, he reasons, because Tom knows that he can only
be broken in by forcing Zelsky to perform this duty in front of these other
sexy men of the House, including Kevin. Kevin watches Zelsky perform this
task and whispers, "that's so awesome... I'll take it if you don't want to
swallow."

"That's okay. I need to swallow this for Tom." Alex acknowledges. Tom shot
a spouge load into Alex's mouth and held Alex's head on his dick. "Clean it
up. Swallow all of it... this might help wash it down," Tom feeds the big
man a load of his piss, still holding his head in place. "Just hold it in
your mouth." As he moved to meet Alex's face, Tom tells him, "Okay, share
it with me big man." Zelsky dribbled more than half into Tom's mouth and
swallowed the rest simultaneously. Tom immediately stuck 3 fingers into
Alex's mouth and held them there. Alec just left them there. He didn't know
what to do with Tom's fingers in his mouth. "Suck my fingers," Tom finally
instructed him. "clean `em off"

"Need another beer or a glass or two of water, Sergeant?" Tom questions.

"Got some, but I think you want more than that," Zelsky said, grinning,
knowingly. "so, yeah... both."

"Hey, Anton... do we have any more beer?"

"Yes, Sir.. we probly have another dozen." Anton answers

"Any warm beers? Zelsky needs the warmest you got." Tom tells him.

I have another 6 bottles that haven't been refrigerated yet." Anton answers
Tom.

"That's perfect. Give me one. One for Zelsky, one for you, one for Kevin
and one for Noah." Tom tells him.

Owen grumbles "...what about me? I don't get one?" Owen asks Tom.

"Actually, Owen, you do look thirsty. How about some tasty secondhand beer?
Does that sound good?" Tom asks.

"Actually, that sounds fantastic. Do we share it?" Owen asks.

"Of course, but you get first choice. Whose do you want to sample first?
Tom asks.

"I'd like to sample some Sergeant piss."

"Okay Owen, take a sample from one of us and then swallow it. Then you can
take another sample from the tap from which ever you want to go next." Owen
takes a drink from Tom's tap, swallows and then takes a sample from Zelsky,

"Wow, they're both really delicious." Owen is happy with his two samples.

Tom tells Zelsky that he's up next. Zelsky chooses Owen and get down on his
knees and takes a sample from Owen's tap. He gives a thumbs up to Owen. And
then picks Kevin to sample next. Zelsky takes his taste and says "Tasty,
Kevin." Kevin is pleased to hear Zelsky's compliment.

Kevin takes his sample off of Noah's cock and is pleased. "Tastes the same
as the day we met, right here in this Shower... still delicious." Kevin
kneels down in front of Anton and says "I'm really thirsty." Anton blasts
into Kevins mouth which overflows. The whole group has a good laugh that it
was more than Anton could be expected to control.

"Okay, second round, I start." Tom kneels down in front of Zelsky and says,
give me a big taste, Sergeant." Alex proudly shoots a stream of his premium
urine into his best buddies' mouth. It hits the back of Tom's throat with
close to full-force even though he's attempting to go easy. Tom is "quite
delighted at how it smells and tastes," much as he would judge a fine
wine. Tom takes Anton's big hose into his mouth and primes it with his
tongue, licking the piss slit under the head. Anton, with a little less
pressure, squirts his juice into Tom's mouth. Tom look up to Zelsky and
says, "You should try this." Zelsky gets down on his knees and takes
Anton's big dick into his mouth. "Let it fly Corporal... be impressive,"
Tom tells him. Anton shares his golden elixir with Zelsky, who swallows and
keeps swallowing, spilling some on his big chest. He's impressed by the
volume of Anton's piss but really tunes into the quality of taste... and
just keeps swallowing. Zelsky really loves this experience and Anton is
thrilled not to be rejected by the Senior Military presence, so he just
continues delivering his piss into Zelsky's mouth.

When Anton runs out, Zelsky is entranced and turns to Tom and says, "I'm so
impressed. I might be a bit inexperienced but that was wonderful." Without
realizing that he's a bit drunk he says "Can we take a bottle of that to
take home?" Tom laughs. Everyone follows suit.

"Can I have a sip?" Owen asks.

Tom looks at Anton and asks if he did anything to help his flavor. Anton
tells him, "I had the same cheeseburger and beer you had... I dunno."

Kevin grabs one of the empty beer bottles and tells Anton to fill it up,
which Anton does. All of the men a feeling a bit light-headed from so much
beer. Anton, while continuing to fill the beer bottle with his piss, says
to Zelsky with a British accent with maybe a French and German combination
accent, "I'm so happy that you enjoyed our tasting, Sir." Anton continuing
with the accent does an impression of a snooty waiter. "I have made you a
souvenir of your occasion with us this evening. If you weesh to dine with
us again, please call me directly, Sir. My name eees Anton and I would be
happy to service you, ya?" The men all applauded Anton's slightly drunken
performance. Anton hands Zelsky the full refilled bottle and he takes a
major swig, swallowing a third of the bottle. "Try this," handing the
mostly full bottle to Tom to try.

Tom sips it more like a beer and marvels, "Oh my goodness. You're
right. This is really great."

"Dude," Zelsky leans over to Tom. "You're turning me into a piss pig. I
can't believe how much I love it."

"Yeah, well, me too. Kevin and I got baptized at the same time and we've
been thirsty ever since." Tom tells Zelsky.

"All of you guys here tonight are so fucking hot. I'm really having fun. Do
you have any more piss? Alex asks.

"Hey, you guys have any more piss?" Tom asks the group.

"Some." say most of the guys.

"Well, Zelsky..."Tom announces, "you need to perform a little ritual that
all the men go through when they're initiated into the House. You ready?

"Sure.. I guess." Zelsky tells Tom.

"Okay, sit here in the middle of the shower. Look up... hold your mouth
open..."

"Owen, you start," Tom tells him.

"Hello, Zelsky," and he begins peeing in Zelsky's open mouth, just like
when Kevin first was introduced into the House. "I'm Private Owen West,
Nice to Meet you, Welcome to the House."

"Hello, Sergeant," Noah starts to piss in Zelsky's mouth, "Welcome to the
House, I'm Private Noah Peltski, Nice to meet you."

Tom continues to Stan behind Zelsky keeping his head back. "Keep your mouth
open Sergeant,"

"Hello Sergeant," Anton says as he starts the flow into Zelsky's
mouth. "I'm Anton... taste familiar? Welcome to the House."

"Hello Zelsky, "I'm Private Kevin Jones. I've very honored that you've
joined us at the House. I'm very happy that you're one of us."

"Hello Sergeant," Tom starts pissing in Zelsky's mouth... "I'm Tom and I'm
very happy to know you. I'm loving corrupting you and sharing all of our
kinks with you."

Tom leans over and grabs the big Sergeant's head and throat. "Open your
mouth." Tom looks down at Zelsky and spits a small wad in his mouth and
whispers in Zelsky's ear. "I wanna own you. But you have to want that too."

"Yes, Sir. That's what I want too." Alex tells his new best friend. Tom
kisses Alex passionately in front of all of their kinky shower mates.


More changing relationships coming soon....


Would love to hear what you think of the story: Write me at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com.

---

Untitled (Chapter 13)

Date: Thu, 6 Nov 2025 17:25:36 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 47

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private e. This is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you
aren't interested in this subject, or this is illegal where you live,
please stop reading. But, Please Support Nifty.org:
https://donate.nifty.org/ and all the great works they archive.

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear which are your favorite characters.


Kevin Jones New Orders 47

Day 26.    0940 Hours


The guys begin to do their homework: Figure out which way to handle their
new Overlord, General Billy Thomas. "He's into discipline, but what does
that mean... in what way? Sergeant Tom Lansford asks Master Sergeant
Zelsky.

"Can I make a suggestion?" Asks Private Kevin Jones.

"This is kind of like kinky sex, don't you think?" Kevin suggests. "When we
meet a guy that we like we get mentally prepared for what's coming..."
Jones gyrates his body a little mimicking the effort he puts into meeting a
possible sexual contact, "we read the body language, we touch and we adjust
to every signal. This General guy might be kind of like that."

Zelsky: "You know, that's a good point. The only problem is that he might
have a purpose that we don't yet understand."

Tom: "so, let's consider all the possible scenarios and then we figure what
we would want the outcome to be. "If/then planning, you know."

"So, let's make some notes when we reconnoiter later in the day. Think of
as many scenarios as you can. Write them down. I'm gonna call the General
and see if I can get a reading on him. See if he'll share his plans with
me." Zelsky shares.

"Zelsky, can you think of anybody you know that might know something about
him, personally? Tom probes. "Like what does he do for fun?"

"Do you think you could get me a roster of the brass over there at Sierra
Vista? Maybe I would recognize a name."

"I'll see what I can find." Sergeant Lansford tells Zelsky.

"Let's meet again at 1500 hours.

Anton: "Tom, do you have anything we need to discuss this morning? I'm
thinking that we need to focus on the General. I think I need to spend some
extra time with Kevin today on the `Discipline' issue... I'd like you to
join if you'd like"

"About what?" Tom asks.

"Well, I've given the discipline thing some thought. We can bring the boys
up to Muster, if you will. I can help, you can make it happen even
faster. We can do this today if we have an hour or two." Anton tells Tom.

"Okay... Hey Kevin, walk with us over to the House... Anton, do you know
the wiring schema for the House?" Tom asks.

"Pretty much. Why, what do you want to do?" Anton asks.

"Slow up for a minute." All three men huddle for a moment on their walk
toward the House. "Listen, if the `discipline' issue is actually about sex,
there's only one place that it would take place... in the House." Tom tells
them. "Think about it. There's no other place on the base where the General
would go. The House or maybe my office. So, I don't really have a plan yet,
but we should set up some invisible video camera's around the Shower, the
gym, the family room... really anyplace where discipline might be
enforced. He's not going to do anything too public. This would likely be
about him acting out some kind of control. So, I think we might want to
have the twins install some cameras that can record whatever comes
down. And when they've done that, we need to get the twins out of the
House. Probably back to Tyrone's. And, for the moment I don't want to share
this with Tyrone or Alex."

"Who's Alex?" Kevin inquires.

"Anton, we'll meet you at the House in a couple of minutes...." Tom
says. And then, turning back to his boyfriend, Tom puts his hands on both
of Kevin's shoulders, preparing to explain.  Well, fuck, Kevin. I'm sorry."
Tom apologizes softy. "I was referring to Zelsky. I shouldn't have said
that out loud."

Kevin stood facing Tom, absolutely dumbstruck, imagining that he was no
longer in the trusted group of Zelsky's buddies. The typically joyful
Private felt as though he was being punished for something he'd
done. "Listen to me, Kevin, nobody calls him that. I've never even said it
to his face. Plus, he'd thought that he wants to tell you this because
you've become such a good friend. He doesn't tell anyone his first
name. Really... Tyrone doesn't even use it."

"Then how do you know it?" Kevin Jones questions.

"I asked... he really didn't want to share it." Tom tells Kevin. "I pushed
when I shouldn't have... Please forgive me. Nothing has changed between you
and him. You know, Kevin, Zelsky is my friend too. I didn't mean to exclude
you and neither did he. In fact, I kind of betrayed him, inadvertently, by
saying his name out loud. I just kept playing with it in my head, so when I
thought of him, I spoke his name. It's that simple.

"So, should I just forget that I know his first name? That's pretty hard to
do." Kevin shares.

"Give me a chance to talk to him. Okay?" Tom asks of Kevin.

"Okay... but, just so you know, I sometimes get a little jealous of you and
Zelsky..."

Why? We've never done anything without you. But you and Zelsky have. I'm
the one that should be jealous." Sergeant Lansford conveys to his buddy.

"Let's get back to the House. Anton is waiting..."

"Private Jones and Sergeant Lansford ready, Corporal. What are you
thinking?" Kevin asked.

"I was thinking that all of the guys in the house went through Boot
Camp. We all had the same experience and probably the same training. I'm
thinking that if we gather our own troops, dressed in fatigues, they'll be
able to `fall in' and then we can figure out how much further we have to
school `em." Corporal Anton suggests. "We just have to figure out the
starting point."

"I can explain to the men exactly why we're having to do this. It's
actually simple. There's a change in management. We need to prove
ourselves."

"Okay, Private Jones, let' figure out who's out on assignment. We'll go
from there. My suggestion is that we find out what we can do and then show
Zelsky. He'll tell us what we're missing," Sergeant Lansford states.

"I'll start now. Some of the guys might be in the gym. Anton, can you go
let them know?" Kevin tells him. "I'll make an announcement and then go
door-to-door. Let's meet back here in 10 minutes. We Muster in 20, behind
the showers.

"Attention all soldiers. We will Muster downstairs in 20. This is not a
joke." Kevin announces.

Anton finds five of the House guys in the gym working out... none of which
were happy to be interrupted. The gym for these men is as much part of
their morning as breakfast. Anton tells them they can come back to it later
if they want.

The entire House gets busy quickly with men getting dressed in their
fatigues, ready to fall in. This morning feels different, this is not and
never has been the routine. This turns into a "WTF" moment.

Kevin messages Sergeant Lansford that they're ready to muster. "Time to get
down here. Tell Alex."

Tom ignores the Alex part, but does alert Sergeant Zelsky about what's
going on at the House. The two Sergeants quickly head down to the House.

"Sergeant, I fucked up. I let your name slip in front of Kevin. I told him
that it was just a mental goof on my part, but if you get some attitude
from him, you'll know why." Tom shares with Zelsky. "He kind of took it
personally that I knew before he did. He is kind of hurt. It's my
fault... just so you're aware, and I hope that doesn't cause you any
angst."

"Thanks for telling me. Maybe the three of us can chat about it
later... you know, together, when there's some private time." Zelsky says.

As the two Sergeants enter the House, Tom tells Private Jones to
proceed. Kevin calls the men down to the main floor. Kevin tells the men to
`fall-in' using his Army Voice, recalling when he was in boot camp. All of
the men are out of practice. They don't know their place in line as they
try to form together. "Men, find your place in line. Look Sharp." They make
space for each other. They're not used to falling in. They never have since
they've been at the House.

"At ease men." Sergeant Tom Lansford directs them. "We all know that you
are not in your best form at the moment. We haven't formed ... probably
ever. But we are Army and it's what is expected of us, as with every unit
on this base and everywhere in the Army. I understand that this feels
foreign to you. As you know there is a change in leadership. We all need to
demonstrate to our brass that we can perform as expected. That goes for
every one of us. At this moment we do not know what is expected. But we've
heard the word `undisciplined' and we cannot let that get in our way. So,
by the end of today, everyone one of you will know what is expected when
the order to muster is given. We are also going to learn to march as a
unit. We MUST be prepared for anything. We don't believe there is a threat,
but we're going to be prepared for anything. So, you will fall in and we
will review each of you as you stand at attention. Sergeant Zelsky, would
you please join me as we review the men?"

Zelsky went, man to man, with Sergeant Lansford at his side, reviewing each
man. "Shoulders up, chest out, stop grinning." Zelsky placed the men
standing shoulder to shoulder, with a width between them of one
fist. "Kevin, are we missing any men?"

"Yes Sir," Kevin Replied. Private Greg Miller is not here.

"We will need to form this like again when he is so that everybody can
expect to form up correctly. We are going re-form out front and march. We
will form up in 4 rows of 4. We lead with our LEFT foot. Right now, form up
in 4 rows of 4 across."  The men did that quickly. Zelsky changed a couple
of the men's positions to make them appear to be a little crisper in their
view and step. "Be outside in four minutes. Go take a piss and drink some
water. Dismissed!"

Four minutes later the men of the House formed as ordered. Zelsky spoke in
a low voice, but which could be heard clearly. "We all know that this unit
is made up of the prettiest men in the Army. But today, you will step with
STERN faces and the presence of an Alpha Army Man as we march to the Motor
Pool and back. We will keep in perfect step. You will follow my lead and
pace and we will show ourselves as Army men on a Mission. Make us proud!
ATTENTION! Forward, March. The men followed Zelsky's pace and
stride. Private Kevin Jones marched in step near the back so that he could
review any issues. Anton marched behind. Zelsky was marching and observing
along side. They looked perfect as they marched, once Private Tim Butler
figured out which left foot to start with.

"You Left, Your Left, Left Right Left," Just like in boot camp. Just like
in the movies. They marched for six minutes before Zelsky decided to teach
the guys two new maneuvers: Taking a Soft Left Turn and About Face. It
didn't take long. The men had all done this in Boot Camp and it came back
to them easily. They spent less than an hour marching but they all felt
good for being part of the team. Soldiers again!

When they got back to the House they were instructed to gather again
inside, where they had started. "Good show, men. I haven't been a drill
sergeant for a few years now. It felt to get out there with you
all. Thanks. We're going to do that again tomorrow morning."

"Thank you. I appreciate the effort," Sergeant Lansford stated Loudly.

"Thanks, Anton. Your intuition was right on the money." Tom tells
him. "Would you please go up to the Sergeant's office and report to Tyrone
what we just accomplished? ... and tell him he should watch when it occurs
tomorrow morning."

"Can we talk for a few minutes up in your apartment?" Zelsky asks Tom and
Kevin.

Yeah, sure... Tom answered.

"Have a seat," Zelsky started. "Kevin, Tom told me that he tripped on his
tongue this morning. Sorry about that. I certainly didn't mean to create a
secret. I'm not fond of using my first name because it inspires people to
make jokes behind my back. `Alexander' is sometimes associated with
Alexander the Great, which had typically been said behind my back and which
I take as kind of a slur, probably because I'm a big guy. But I was
concerned that it would be associated with being gay, which I didn't want
to promote... Tom thinks ALEX is a good nickname. I'm okay with that as
long as we keep it between just us.... I recall very clearly when you,
Kevin, told me that Tom and I were your favorite two people. I was moved
when you shared that. I have the need to share with you that I feel the
same. You two are my favorite men and friends, and yes, my favorite sex
partners. I hope I'm not overstepping when I tell you that. But I really
care for both of you. Obviously, just between us. Okay?"

"Certainly." Tom affirms.

"Of course" Kevin says and then puts his hands around Zelsky's face and
kisses him affectionately. And then he kisses Tom as well. Alex Zelsky
follows in kind, kissing both men, and putting his large arms around them
both. All three men are wearing Army fatigues and are semi hard as they
each feel each others manhood through their uniforms. Alex leans over a bit
to kiss Tom first and then Kevin, they share a 3 way kiss in their
excitement. Hands gripping the backs of each other's necks.

The passion quickly rises to the surface, until Tom breaks the rising
temperature. "Guys.. we can play later. But we've got some business to take
care of right now."

"True enough," Zelsky agrees. "I've got to make a call to the General and
see where he's at. I'll let you know as soon as I know."

Tom asks Kevin to fetch the twins. "... and I've got to go chat with
Anton."

Anton, back from reporting in with Sergeant Brown, sits at his old desk,
organizing some random papers and making notes on Post-It-notes. "Just the
man I wanted to find," says Sergeant Tom Lansford sarcastically. "Got a
couple of minutes?"

"What's up?"

"I think we need to have the twins install some hidden video cameras around
the House, just in case." Tom suggests.

"In case WHAT?" Anton asks with raised eyebrows.

'We don't yet know what the discipline thing will turn out to be. It could
be that by the time we find out it gets to be too late to protect
ourselves. So, I think we should consider installing some video cameras."
Tom tells Anton.

"I've thought about that before but it was just so I could have some
jack-off material. This is way cooler. And, yes, I can probably find some
small cameras with good resolution... but technology changes so fast, I'll
have to shop around."

"Okay... I asked the twins to come downstairs to discuss wiring." Kevin and
the twins show up just about the same time. "Good morning guys." The twins
show up, naked as usual, they smile and share their greetings. "I think we
have a job for you. Are you guys good with wiring for video cameras?" Tom
asks.

"We wired a pawn shop in Salt Lake City one time." Deke tells them.

"Okay, that sounds about right. We don't know which cameras we're going to
use yet, but we're going to do this quietly and confidentially, okay? We
aren't telling anyone what we're doing and we need for these cameras to be
hidden, so this has to be kept a secret, okay? Understand?" Tom tells the
boys. "You're going to work with Anton on this. And when everything is
working I'm gonna move you to Tyrone's house for a few days, got it? So be
ready to quickly pack up and leave when we're done with this."

"We really don't have too many clothes. we're always naked." David
says. "We really like to be naked here. We get sex from a few of the guys
here."

"When you go to Tyrone's house, it will only be for 2 or 3 days. I won't
leave you there."

"Thank you sir." David replied.

Tom finds Zelsky and explains the plan for installing video cameras. Zelsky
contemplates this quickly and replies "That could be dangerous."

"I'm not dictating that we use them. I'm just preparing in case we need
them. It's kind of like buying a gun to protect your home. It doesn't mean
that you're planning to shoot it unless you're forced to. Isn't that, after
all, the reason we have an Army?" Tom posits.

"Yeah, I guess it is." Zelsky realizes that Tom is just being
judicious. "What's the plan?"

"Right now the plan is to figure out where General Thomas might want to
impose his discipline. I would think that it would be here or in Tyrone's
office." Tom offers.

"You mean, YOUR new office?" Zelsky qualifies.

"Yeah, I can't think of any other private spaces he would try anything."

"But how are you going to know? I mean, We don't know what he will do or
when."

"Look, we just turn them on and let them record. We don't even need to look
at the video if we don't have to." Tom suggests.

"I would venture a guess that no matter what happens, there will be
something very interesting captured in the videos. I think," Alex says,
"that it will be impossible to look away. You do have your own stud farm
porn studio in the making right here, Tom... I will be surprised if you
keep this private, it will be VERY difficult. Someone is going o question
what that camera in the ceiling is... and I don't think you'll be able to
keep it a secret for very long."

"What if I ask the guys if they would want to make a video? I'm guessing
that almost all of the guys would willingly do porn if it benefitted the
unit." Tom submits.

"Do you totally trust all of these guys?" Zelsky asks.

"I believe so... yes"

"Well, then, I think it would be safer to bring all of the men in the House
into the game. Tell them exactly what you're doing and why... and what the
hidden benefits might be." Zelsky shares.

"Perhaps we should figure out what this might cost before we start to wire
the units in. Anton knows a good deal about video equipment. I'll chat with
him. Hey, I don't want to bring Tyrone in on this for now. Let's just keep
it between the four of us for right now."

"I'm okay with that." Zelsky utters under his breath.

"So Anton," Tom starts talking even before he enters the smallish office
space. He finds Kevin sitting in a guest chair, the two men bantering about
how weird it feels to have this `discipline' issue hanging over the House,
without even knowing what the issue is, "Do you know anything about video
editing?"

"Yeah, a little. I've watched some YouTube how-to videos on editing. There
are several kinds of editors but they are mostly similar. The one that I
kind of understand the most works on an iPhone. Are we talking about
single-cam or multi-cam?

"You're more of the expert than I am, Anton. I want you to give me a
presentation on the top three that you like and we'll pick one. Simplicity
and cost are important factors. Also we want to make a decision right
away." Sergeant Lansford states.

"Well, then I can tell you my choice right now." Anton shows him on the
desktop computer. "I know that I can produce a multi-cam project on an
iPhone, though I've never done it. So, like, it would be really cheap. I
think we should at least try it before we decide to get something more
expensive. It might not cost anything but for the cameras which we know are
less than $100 each."

"Where do you imagine that you'd place the cameras?" Tom asks.

Anton: "two looking into the showers, one in the gym, one in the family
room, one in the towel room... but if I really wanted to catch all the
serious action it would go in Kevin's bedroom."

"Very funny... no!" Tom firmly tells Anton, and Kevin who's just sitting
there listening.

"We could definitely have a great movie night. Get some popcorn and beer,"
Kevin shares his fantasy.

"You know, I'm trying to be serious here. We have a real problem facing us
and we need to wrestle it to the ground." Tom states forcefully.

Deke and David listening to every word carefully, not wanting to disappoint
the men they follow like puppies. "We're not sure what you want us to do."

"I understand why." Sergeant Lansford responds. "Gentlemen, let's get
serious. We have very limited time to figure all of this out. I need your
focused attention. Understand?"

"Yup." Anton replied. Kevin nods in agreement.

"So, guys, put a plan together in the next hour and let me know what you
decide. But keep in mind that this must be concealed. It will be nice if we
can edit it into one movie if It's easy and cheap. But it has to be
reliable and good quality. Let me know what you figure out."

Tom leaves the House in search of Zelsky. He figures that his conversation
with the General will reveal which direction they should go. "Were you able
to chat with the General?" Tom asks.

"He said he'd call me back when he can." Zelsky tells him.

"Oh, okay. I was hoping to hear something on which we could base our next
move. Do you think we should update Tyrone?" Tom asks

"Like what?" Sergeant Zelsky puzzles. "Like we don't know more than we did
before but we've proposed some things we could do just in case? We really
don't have anything to tell Sergeant Brown, and besides, you're in charge
now. This is gonna be your call. Tyrone might give you some advice, but I
don't think it will be definitive. Your actions, already, are more decisive
than what he'll be able to tell you. Tyrone's thinking on this subject is a
bit muddled. This is your unit. The First Sergeant is just here to give you
some training... and I'm here to make sure this freight train remains on
the tracks. So, Sergeant Lansford, I will encourage you to follow your
senses. I think there's at least a small chance that you're correct in
being concerned. I'm glad that you're thinking to protect your men. I think
we should fill them in. You ready, Sergeant?"

Tom pulls out his phone... "Hi Kevin. You busy? I'm headed back to the
House. I think Zelsky will be with me. Do you know how to send a text
message to all the men? Yes, I want to gather them right now. Same, in the
House. We'll be there shortly. 5 minutes. Yeah. Bye" Tom tells Kevin on the
phone.

"Do you have anything to say to the men?" Tom asks.

"I might, but the direction has to come from you. I might say something
supportive if something occurs to me." Zelsky speculates.

The men gather in the dining and Family Room area. Most of them are wearing
fatigues or gym wear. A few are naked. But it doesn't feel awkward. In
fact, a couple of the guys wishes they were naked too. But none of them
have a clue about what their new Sergeant has to say.

"Men, I'm addressing you as your Sergeant, but also as a friend. I'm going
to tell you a couple of things that we haven't known before, and which we
need to keep between us. We do not know to what degree this might play out,
but I feel I have to bring you in on it. There are men, which we do not
know, to whom we report. They have had almost no daily effect on us to our
knowledge. But, it seems, that one of the top brass might have a poor
attitude toward us in the sense that we do not demonstrate a high level of
discipline. That is the reason why we are learning to march as a unit. The
word Discipline can mean multiple things. We have likely been exposed to
discipline as it relates to BDSM sex. That's what the `D' stands for. But
we don't know how this particular guy is using this word.  I imagine that
it's possible that it is meant in the sense of spanking, dominating,
flogging, whipping, etc. So, we might have to have a BDSM night here at the
House." The men broke out in cheers and applause at this point.

"I know, sounds like fun. But this is serious and we could be in a
defensive posture before we even know it. I'm ordering video cameras to be
hidden around the House in case we need to obtain evidence. And, as much
fun as this might be, we can't expose any of the videos that get made to
anyone outside of the group in this room. It's possible that we might need
to expose certain individuals for the "DISCIPLINE" that they might try to
inspire. This would not turn out to be fun. So, nobody else can know about
this. Just us."

"The cameras will be placed around the Showers, Gym, Family Room. Towel
Room. If something comes about we want to get it recorded to video as
possible evidence. We're taking this very seriously. I thought you should
know so that you don't feel like I've tricked you somehow. But this is
completely private, nobody else gets to know about this" Sergeant Lansford
states.

"I have something to add," Sergeant Zelsky announces. "Sergeant Lansford is
taking this course specifically to protect the House, this Unit and each of
you. We cannot let him down by sharing this information with anyone
else. It would have serious consequences if these videos got past the front
door of this House."

"Sir... I have a question." Private Owen West raises his hands "if we get
past this threat, can we make some home movies just for us to watch?" Tom
and Alex look at each other with some concern on their faces. Kevin and
Anton are left smiling. "Some of us have talked about making movies here in
the shower because these guys are so much fun to watch... you know, when
they're having sex. I think we'd all love to see ourselves in a
movie. Would you consider that?"

Sergeant Zelsky interjects: "Listen... men. I understand why you'd want to
venerate the fun that you sometimes enjoy, But right now, we need to take
the threat seriously, I'm sure you can ask this again when the threat is
passed. Any other questions?"


"Sir, we'd like you to consider starring in our movie."  Private Porter
asks. "You and Sergeant Lansford and Private Reynolds and Kevin and
Anton. Sergeant Zelsky, "We want you to tie us up and flog us, and spank us
and whatever you want to do. It would be so much fun to make a movie with
you guys."

"Look, guys, this is kind of off the subject, don't you think?" Sergeant
Lansford asks with a pleading in his voice.

"Actually, maybe not." Corporal Anton interjects, "What if we can get
ourselves into a situation where this Brass guy wants to do some BDSM play?
None of us would mind since most of us have done role play with
clients... and it might get captured on video. It's possible to do that."

"Well, I appreciate you wanting to help." Sergeant Lansford hesitates. "Do
you all feel this way? Are you all willing to get involved like this?"
Lansford asks. The guys answer, Yes!

"This is almost as impossible as this unit itself. If you don't want to be
involved in this deception, I won't hold it against you," the Sergeant
tells his men. But they all insist that they will be involved if it comes
down to this.

There is a lull in the group. Private Peltski blurts, "We're all with you
Sergeant. You can depend on us."

"I'll give this some thought. And I'll keep you posted." Sergeant Lansford
tells them.

Tom, asks Zelsky and Kevin to join him in the office where he saw Anton
retreat to a moment earlier. The four huddle together, Tom asking the
others what they thought. Anton shares, " I think we can do this. I've
never seen the men so supportive, but then we've never had a `threat' to
the House. I think these guys are solidly behind you."

Kevin adds, "it's because they see you as one of them."

Zelsky points out, "Marching together this morning was very unifying for
your team, especially since they haven't done it before, so it's a good
thing, but beside that, you've given these guys a challenge to participate
in protecting their family while appealing to their self-esteem. Win, win
win. You have good instincts, Sergeant."

"Obviously, we need to calculate the trajectory after we know what General
Thomas' stance on Discipline might be, but, Anton, how soon can we get the
video stuff in and installed?"

"Probably 2 or 3 days, but I better get on it right now. I think we can do
this cheap.... Kevin, can I borrow your computer?" Anton commits as he
walks back into his old office.

"Go for it. I haven't even used it yet. And, I'm going to need some help to
personalize it... like changing passwords and stuff." Kevin comments.

"Alex," Tom queries Zelsky, "Are you going to be able to stick around for
this or do you have to get back to Bragg?"

"I'll be here as long as you need me. This is exciting shit.. I don't want
to miss all the fun." Zelsky confides.

Sitting alone in the Family Room, Tom, Kevin and Alex cozy up on the L
shaped couch. Kevin nestles in between the two sergeants, with his fore
arms on each of their legs. Zelsky's long Right arm reaches around and past
Kevin and he gently touches Tom's neck like he's petting a dog. Tom quickly
looks at Zelsky's face and sees the adoring expression. Zelsky has never
before been as open about his attractions, most likely because there is no
other place in the Army like this House. He is very drawn to Sergeant Tom
and Private Kevin, and he's very aware that he's dropping his defenses to
let these two men in. Kevin, fully sensing the energy of these two superior
men, turns toward Zelsky and feels for the large cock that he sensed would
be stiffening any second. Zelsky's right arm pulling Tom over Kevin and
into a very manly passionate kiss, Kevin being squashed onto Zelsky's
clothed crotch... "You think we should go upstairs for a little privacy?"
Tom said quietly.

"Maybe in a while. Right now, I'm enjoyed my companionship with a couple of
very sexy soldiers." Zelsky tells his pals. "Love this camaraderie," as he
kisses Tom again. "You two are the hottest fuckers..."

"Right now, I'm a very thirsty fucker," Kevin squirms his way out of the
huddle. "I'll be in the shower... come find me."

"I think our boy wants some attention," Zelsky says to Tom. Tom puts his
right hand on Zelsky's face and draws him closer, the men share a short but
passionate kiss.

"You know, Alex, I'm happy every time we touch... but I'm not certain that
Kevin is thrilled about us being so close." Sergeant Lansford observes.

"Yes, except when he is. Just watch his body language when we go join him."
Zelsky advises.

The two sergeants strip down and walk over to the Shower Room. Kevin is
standing under one of the shower heads with his eyes closed, completely
blissed, getting soaked with hot water. Tom Lansford and Alex Zelsky
surprise Kevin Jones by taking hold of the young private, both of the
taller men surround him with their arms and begin to kiss and caress the
19year old. Three good sized burgeoning boners. The two sergeants begin to
kiss with Kevin's body between them, Alex purposely excluding Kevin from
the kiss just to witness his reaction. "Tom, let's get cleaned out. I want
you to eat my ass and then fuck me. You wanna?" Tom loves the idea. Kevin
is mortified that Tom gets to be the first.

"You don't ever get fucked." Kevin whines to Zelsky. "You wouldn't let me
eat your ass back in that hotel room because you thought I was gonna try to
fuck you. And probably I would have tried. But I've always wanted to eat
you out. I love your muscly ass. Can I eat your ass please?

"How about if you eat Tom's cum out of my ass when he's done fucking me?"
Zelsky suggests, leaving Tom wondering if he really wants to be fucked or
if Zelsky is just yankin' Kevin's chain.

Kevin takes Zelsky's humiliating tease very seriously. Kevin slumps forward
like an 8 year old boy, including the sad `I never get to' face. "Kevin,
come here. Kevin steps closer and Zelsky gives him a sort of gentle
`snap-out-of-it' slap. Kevin is shocked.

"Do you have an idea how very special Tom and you both are to me? Do you
get this? I'm like truly excited to have both of you in my life. I love
when we're together. You remember at your party when you said that Tom and
I were your most important men in your life? Well, I took that as kind of
an invitation. I believe that's how you meant it and, now the same is true
for me... and I'm gonna guess it's true for Tom too." Tom answers with a
nod and a `yup' to Zelsky's explanation. "So, now that we're both in
agreement with you and we appreciate each other in the same ways, you need
to be happy about that... and confident that the two men you love the most
in the world feel the same. This isn't a bad thing, Kevin... it's a great
thing. So, ya gotta stand up and be the hot sexy soldier that we both know
you are. This is about sharing. No more whiney little bitch. So,
Kevin. When you fuck me, you have to really be nice to my ass. I'm a virgin
back there. Okay?

"Really...? Kevin grinned.

"Really, but I think we should go upstairs and do this in private... just
the three of us."

The men grab their clothes from the Family Room, not wanting to lose track
of them.

The three men walk up the stairs, still slightly wet from the showers, each
carrying a white towel and padding some wet spots as they climb the
stairs. All three ignoring their hard boners as they walk. Other men of the
House, however, have taken notice. "I'm surprised he doesn't need a sling
to carry that thing around," Private West said to Private Carter.

Alex, Tom and Kevin all fold their fatigues into small rolls and place them
in the corner. "Kevin told me that you never get fucked. You sure you're
okay with this?" Tom comments.

"Kevin was right. I haven't been fucked, but My brain can't help opening up
around the two of you. After Kevin came out here to be part of this unit,
he had tried to eat my ass one weekend when Sergeant Johnson and I had
invited Kevin to come play with us. Kevin wanted to eat my ass. "

"Yeah, you said you knew what I was up to... you were afraid that I was
going to try to fuck you," Kevin recalled.

"Yup... I didn't want to get fucked. I couldn't imagine taking dick in my
ass. But now, both of you have let me fuck you. You guys really made me
consider what getting fucked is about. I have really given a lot of thought
to what you were willing to do for me. It really got me to thinking about
what I was willing to do for you. I've always been that Alpha top guy and,
as I have been spending time with you two, I've realized that there must be
more. And I've never been able to watch a couple guys become so close and
I've never been so inspired by two men. You've made me have some fantasizes
that I've never allowed myself ... like what would it be like to take your
dick in my ass." Alex sits naked on their bed, Kevin sits on the floor
between Alex knees, gently sniffing and kissing his large, hard cock,
"Kevin has licked my ass. I've loved it. I've sucked your dick a couple of
times, Tom. I can imagine me opening up for you. And I hope that I please
you. I want to please each of you. That's kind of why. I have come to
realize what you've taken for me. Plus I really love the connection I have
with both of you. I want more of that.

"I'm happy to hear that," Tom tells Sergeant Alexander Zelsky. "Have you
ever fantasized about eating ass?"

"I fantasize about it when I watch the two of you. And, I've watched it in
porn of course, too. I used to think it was disgusting. But, watching you
two clean out your asses a few times made me understand that eating a clean
ass is more like making out. You two make it look so sexy... so I'm
probably willing to try it, but I don't think I can do it all in one
day. My brain will need to take a break at some point, not to mention my
ass."

"You want to get fucked by both of us today?" Tom Asks Zelsky. "Our dicks
are pretty different, maybe you should try and compare them." Tom winks at
Alex.  "I imagine you want Kevin to go first."

"Let's just say he's probably been waiting the longest. You ready, Kev?"

"Almost. But I'm going to eat your ass first so that I can loosen it up for
you a little. It will relax your hole and you'll get comfortable when my
dick goes in, much faster." Kevin advises. "Tom, see if you can't help him
relax. "Alex, have you ever used poppers?"

"Yeah, but I don't want poppers today. I'm really eager to feel your cock
without using anesthesia."

"Lie down on your back and hold your legs up like this." Tom lies down on
his right side and reaches over the big man and rubs Alex's chest and
nipples. Alex takes a deep breath. Tom leans over and kisses the big man,
but without stopping playing with the Master Sergeants nipples. "Oh god
that's so good.... Don't stop."  Tom continues to sloppily kiss the big
man, stopping only to stroke his large balls.

"I love your balls." Tom leans over and takes his right testicle in his
mouth, licking and slobbering only on the one ball, because two just won't
fit. At this point, the talking is replaced by moaning.

"Keep your legs up." Kevin strokes his meat a few times and drools onto
this cock to lube it up. "Ready?" Kevin asks. Without waiting for an
answer, Kevin stickes the head of his thick 9-inch cock up against Zelsky's
hole and rubs it around, getting the Sergeant mentally prepared to receive
the full length. After waiting for an answer, Zelsky let out some breath
and Kevin took that as permission to enter. "How's that feel, boss?"

"It's all great. Keep going." Alex answers.

Kevin picks up the pace now, not adventuring too far into the dark
hole. But he's getting almost no resistance. So Kevin begins thrusting a
little deeper and picks up the pace pretty quickly. Now he's almost to the
hilt and still no resistance from the big man. "Feels good" Kevin checks.

"Oh yeah, go for it. I want all you got, Kevin. Show me what you got." Alex
tells the sexy private. That's all that Kevin needs and he sets off on a
faster pace, plunging to the bottom and almost bouncing back out from shear
enthusiasm. The men were moving in sync. Alex began to squeeze a bit at the
point that Kevin would pull back, just to show some control over the
situation, though he was not in pain. "After several minutes of fucking,
Alex asks Kevin if he can cum yet.

"You want me to cum in your ass? Kevin asked excitedly.

"Yeah... I want to feel you blast in me... and Blast he did. He was
energetic in attacking the Sergeant's inner guts. The 19-year old Private
displayed his enthusiastic prowess, and all 3 faces displayed their
delight. Kevin excused himself to run downstairs to wash off.

"Okay, Tom. You want me to clean out before you take your turn?" Alex
asked.

"Really? No," Tom shook his head, "Kevin's cum will make good lube. You
don't need a break?"

"Nope. I wanna see if I can feel your size difference. Plus, my ass is all
prepped. Go for it."

Tom was pretty hard from watching Kevin and from playing with Zelsky's
large magic testicles. So, he stroked his already hard cock a few times
just to get fully rigid again and so that he could easily push his
10.5-inch shaft up Alex's butt hole. Tom was surprised how easily Alex's
hole swallowed up his masculine pole. It felt so good. On the way up, Tom
bent forward and kissed Alex again. The two men appreciating the embrace
which Tom slowed his entry for... and the fuck they both anticipated. Tom,
the youngest of the Sergeants at the Unit, knows that Alex was offering the
opportunity to let Tom show what he's got. Alex had displayed what he's got
in the dick department a few days earlier when Tom stepped in the middle of
a failed fuck between Sergeant Zelsky and Private Jones. Now Tom has a
opportunity to shine. He loved that Zelsky was an anal virgin, though he
certainly showed no sign of hesitation when Kevin had fucked the big man in
the ass only minutes earlier. Tom revs up his thrusters and let's Alex's
chute know that he means business.  "You okay boss?" Tom checked in.

"Do your duty, soldier. Let me know when you expect to shoot. I really want
to feel the explosion." Alex remarks.

"That's fair" Tom positions his body to penetrate deeper. "I certainly felt
yours when you were fucking me."

"I was just trying to impress you." Alex tells Sergeant Lansford.

"Yeah, well, I almost don't want to cum.... This feels so good, just
stroking your hole like this." Tom states.

"You don't have to shoot, Tom." Alex says.

Oh, no... I'm gonna shoot. I just feels so great controlling your ass like
this. I just want to take my time and enjoy it.

"You ever smack Kevin around when you get into rough play"

"I have, he loves getting spanked... as you know." Tom tells Alex, "I
spanked him very hard and loudly up here one time and then paraded has red
ass around the House so everyone could see it. It got a very supportive
reaction from the men. A few of them have since told me that they'd be up
for some rough play. There have even been a couple of the men who like
getting their balls bashed, but I don't think I could take that... what is
it, besides my fucking you right now, that you're thinking of exploring?"

"I love to manhandle a guy... you've probably figured that out. But lately
I've been entertaining some very sub thoughts." Alex starts to gasp and
grunt a little. "I'd like to be tied up and edged, I think. I'm loving that
you're hitting my prostate. That's fantastic. Kiss me fucker." Tom doesn't
stop fucking, but he pushes himself up to be able to reach the infamous
Zelsky moviestar-chin with a cleft in it. It's one of the things that the
men in the unit drool about when they've watched him fuck at the
House. "Tom, I'm grateful for you and Kevin showing the way. I've never
been so open to all of this... and the more we do the more I want to
stretch my experience."

"I'd like to experience more too. Most of what I've experienced I've
learned from Kevin or Porn movies." Tom shares. "So I'm up for more too,
Alex." And as their talk involves kinkier sex exploration, they both get
more excited and pumping and fucking harder until Tom really reaches a
growing orgasm stage. "Here it comes Alex. I'm gonna cum... I'm
gonna.... Oh god. That was so great. Did you feel that?"

"I did. I felt about four blasts. Tom. You called me `boss'. Just wanna
say... it's YOU that I want to submit to. Okay? Are you willing to dominate
me? Some guys have a problem with bigger and older."

"um, probably," Tom says. "But that doesn't mean that I want to be excluded
from some of the sub play that I'd love to experiment with you. If you'll
do what I ask... because, honestly, there's maybe only one or two other
guys even capable of being a dom. And I don't particularly want to expose
myself to them. Would you be up for Role playing with me? And probably with
Kevin? And, by the way, your size is not a problem... though you are kind
of old," Sergeant Lansford says to Alex with a big grin on his face.

"Yes, but I don't want to submit to Kevin, if you don't mind. Kevin's
already established as my boy... you know, when I'm in town. I need to
submit to you. Only you. You need to be in charge. It doesn't need to be
spoken about with Kevin. But I'll do whatever you'd like... just don't
discuss this in front of any of the other men. Okay?"

"That's fine, Master Sergeant, but there will be times when I will direct
Kevin to do something... but I'll still be in charge. I'm in if you can
live with that." Tom states.

"Yup. I can live with that." Alex agrees.


Another chapter coming soon...

---

Untitled (Chapter 14)

Date: Thu, 16 Oct 2025 15:07:19 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 46

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private e. This is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you
aren't interested in this subject, or this is illegal where you live,
please stop reading. But, Please Support Nifty.org:
https://donate.nifty.org/ and all the great works they archive.

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. Love all the reader comments so far and will love to
hear what you think of the story and the Characters. Which are your
personal favorites?


Kevin Jones New Orders 46


Day 26      Hour 0500


Sean wakes up, a little disoriented. He hasn't been away from his own
barracks on an overnight since he came to the base. But as he comes around
to full consciousness, he realizes why he's a little groggy. He played with
the guys at the house until about 10:30, late for him. He drank several
beers, both out of the bottle as well as out of the tap of some of his
exhilarating new sex partners: the men of the House.

It occurs to Sean that he should find coffee downstairs. He looks for his
clothes but can't find them. Good thing, he thinks to himself, that the men
of the House sometimes are naked so it won't matter if he walks down to the
kitchen wearing nothing. He's a little bit happy that he's got some morning
wood so that the first impression of the other men won't be too harsh. He
feels his wood and jerks it a couple of times as he leaves the room he
stayed in on the 4th floor. He also tries to recall which of the small
apartments Kevin and Tom occupy. First order is coffee. He makes his way to
the kitchen. He thinks that maybe he should bring some coffee up to Kevin
and Tom kind of out of appreciation. He asks one of the men which unit
belongs to Kevin and Tom. He finds the coffee Urn. He finds the milk. He
finds the Splenda and he finds a little tray to carry the coffee up to
Apartment 14. He gently knocks on the door and opens it, walks in and sets
the tray down, the noise gently waking the two men in the bed, who he finds
spooning.

"Oh hey." Kevin says to the intruder, "What's up?"

"It's 0515 so I thought you'd be up," Private Covin tells him.

"Well, I guess I'm up in the same sense that you're up.... And hard. Did
you enjoy yourself last night?" Kevin quietly asks.

Tom starts to roll over and kiss his bed mate. Kevin tells him "good
morning."

"We have a visitor." Kevin says.

"So, I see," Tom says as he squints open his eyes and leans up on his right
elbow. "Anything wrong? You're up early."

"No, I wake up at 0500 automatically these days. I just wanted to bring you
coffees and see if there's anything you'd like from me this morning." Sean
replies. "Plus, I don't have any idea where my clothes are. I thought you
might know."

At that moment Zelsky walks into the small apartment naked with 3 coffees
and puts them on the dresser with the others. "Good morning men, sleep
well?" As he sits down on the plastic chair, fondling his own balls.

Within a couple of moments, Owen walks in with three cups of coffee and
also places them on the top of the dresser. "OH, I see I wasn't the first
to think of coffee this morning. Great minds I guess. Maybe I should have
brought beers." Owen gently falls to his knees and takes Zelsky's Pride
possession into his mouth, without asking, and starts sucking the large
pole. Zelsky doesn't even react, though he spreads his legs.

Anton shows up, with coffees, and sets them on the dresser. "No room for
any more coffee cups. It looks like" Tom says. "Hey Anton, what's your
pleasure?"

"Actually, I don't care. Where do you want me? I just didn't want to be
alone this morning."

"Okay... so, Sean, what do you want to be doing?" Tom questions

"I want your dick in my mouth, Sir."

"Okay then," as Tom places himself sitting up on the bed, he says to Sean,"
Hand me a cup of coffee with 1 Splenda and 1 milk. And then get my dick in
your mouth. Anton, you suck Kevin off and when you're done, Kevin, you suck
Owen."  The small room got very warm very quickly and it smelled like male
bathhouse sex. All the men in the room were sexually engaged. When Tom was
done with his coffee, he put his Right hand on Private Covin's head and
extended his left arm over to Zelsky's chest, gently pinching his
nipple. Anton continued to suck Kevin's nice dick but he had his right hand
on Owen's ass, caressing his left haunch up and down until he was slightly
glancing against his taint.

"You know, Tom, this is exactly how morning coffee should be every day."
Zelsky tells him grinning.

"Gentlemen," Tom announced "we need to hit the showers in 5 minutes."
Nobody stopped.

Kevin told Anton to concentrate on his balls, which Anton did, as Kevin
jacked furiously into his fist, shooting most of the excess onto Anton's
lips, which he licked off with great satisfaction. "Thank you, Kevin. That
was delicious. "Anton didn't orgasm but continued to play with his cock
until he reached the showers.

Owen took Zelsky's reward down his throat. "Thank you, sir. I'm getting
much better at taking a big cock down my throat. So, thanks for the
training."

"Ha... you're welcome" Zelsky responded, "I enjoy teaching you."

"Awesome. Let me know when you've got time for another lesson." Owen smiled
up at his new crush.

Owen and Zelsky joined the others in the shower. The blossoming connection
didn't escape either Tom or Kevin.

"Let's grab a protein drink and meet out front for a morning run in ten
minutes," Tom announced to the guys in earshot.

"Hey, Owen, I don't mind you sucking Zelsky once in a while but remember,
please, that I'm his ambassador so you might want to include be once in a
while."

"Sorry, Kev. I didn't mean anything. I was just really in the mood to take
a big cock down my throat. Maybe we can do him together later. I didn't
mean to step on your toes." Owen tells Kevin. "I didn't even imagine he'd
be in your room. I just wanted to play with you two."

"Hey, look, Owen... I've known Zelsky for a while. He's why I'm here. I
don't mean to be over protective, but you know, all the guys here want a
piece of that. He's magnificent. But, dude, he's my friend and my client."
Kevin states. "Just leave some for me... I'll do the same.

"I hope we all get to play after dinner." Owen tells Kevin. "He fed me his
piss last time we played and I fucking loved it."

"I know.. me too. But we can share." Kevin says.

As the guys got dressed for the run in their own rooms, Sean sidles up to
Tom and asks if he knows where his clothes are.  Kevin tells him to think
back to last night and try to remember where he was when he stripped
down. When he drew a blank, he asked Tom if Sean could borrow a set of
fatigues. After tall, Kevin reasoned, Sean and Tom are the same size AND,
as luck would have it, Tom Sergeant's insignia hadn't yet been stitched
on. Tom wasn't excited about having his nice set of fatigues be vulnerable
to the grease Sean might subject his clothes to over in the Motor Pool.

Sean realizes the difficulty. "I promise to return them in perfect order or
buy you a new set."

"Okay, agreed. I really do like you naked better, anyway." The Sergeant
concedes.

"Sir," Private Covin asks. "What do I have to do to become a member of your
team?"

"I don't know yet. You are my first recruit." Sergeant Lansford
responds. "Will it be a hardship to the Motor Pool to lose you?"

"Maybe. Perhaps I can split my time between the Motor Pool and your team
until a replacement is trained?" Sean posits.

"Okay, I'll find out what I have to do to start the process, but two
things: First, our unit is an INTEL unit, okay? You shouldn't refer to this
unit as anything else." Sergeant Lansford instructs Sean. "Second, you can
come over and hang with us whenever you like, if you are inclined to want
to. If they ask you why you didn't bunk with your unit last night, tell
them that I didn't think you should be driving because we'd had a few beers
with dinner...Not untrue."

"Sir, I'm VERY inclined to want to spend time in your House. You've opened
up a new world to me. But I probably need lots more direction... and
practice," Sean grinned widely.

"If you want to run with us, I have an extra set of shorts, a tea shirt and
a pair of 10.5 sized running shoes. They're a little worn, though." Sean is
grateful to be included and follows Kevin and Tom upstairs to Apartment 14.

The six men that started the morning together, continue out the door,
dressed in their running gear and begin to do the 2-mile run together,
nobody falling behind.

"Do you have a schedule today?" Tom asks Zelsky

"Not per se. But I intend to drop by and visit Tyrone this morning for a
few minutes, have a coffee with him. You wouldn't think I'd need any more
coffee after this morning. Would you mind hangin' with Anton for 20 or 30
minutes?" Zelsky asks.

"No, that's fine. We certainly have a lot to go over. Let me know if you
need anything."

Tom talks with Anton, "Hey. Zelsky wants a few minutes alone with the First
Sergeant. So, we can go over the list of items that we need to review,
good?

"You bet." Anton responded, wondering why. Anton always wanted to know
everything that was going on, mostly so that he could answer any questions
the First Sergeant had about the men who resided in the House. He realized
that he was going to loosen his grasp on information by being separated
from the House during the day. On the other hand, The First Sergeant wasn't
going to be asking him questions in the future because he's leaving to
attend Officer Training. It would be Sergeant Lansford that would be asking
the questions, and he would likely be asking Private Kevin Jones who is
running the House now. Plus, Sergeant Lansford is living at the house and
probably getting to know as much about the House and its residents as Anton
ever knew.

Zelsky, Tom and Anton walk together over to Sergeant Brown's
headquarters. Zelsky tells Tom that he appreciates what a good host Tom is
being and how much he appreciates that this trip is slightly more of a
vacation than his trips out have been when he's come West in the past.

"You know, Zelsky, nobody ever calls you by your first name. Is there a
reason for that," Tom asks.

"Yeah," Zelsky reacts with a quick jerk toward Sergeant Lansford. "I don't
really like my own name so I don't use it unless I have to. It's Alexander,
as in Alexander the Great, which I know people have called me in the past,
jokingly, because I'm a big guy. I don't really like being the brunt of a
joke so I kind of bury that. My Grandmother immigrated from Russia when she
was very young in 1918, just after the war. My Father was born in New York
in 1949. I don't want to have to listen to shit about being a commie or
whatever. So... I only tell very good friends that my name is
Alexander. But, I think you qualify as a good friend at this point. I've
considered sharing this with Kevin as well, but even Tyrone doesn't use my
first name."

"I will honor that if you wish, but I think `Alex' is a great name." Tom
tells him as they walk into Tom's outer office.

"Good morning Sergeant Brown. Have you had coffee this morning?" Tom
inquires.

"No, I just got here." Tyrone responded.  Tom went right to work to get the
coffee maker going and made coffee for Sergeant's Brown and Zelsky. And
then excused himself to the front part of the office, closing the door so
the two Sergeants could have a private conversation. Tom realized that it
was likely involving him, but he respects both men to be able to take care
of whatever business they have. And though distracting, he is also grateful
for the support of both of these men.

"What's up, Zelsky? Having fun staying at the House?" Tyrone asks.

"I am... very much. Been really enjoying myself. But I have a couple of
things to check off my list with you." Zelsky tells Sergeant Brown.

"First thing, I just want to share with you, I watched Sergeant Lansford
interview a fellow from the Motor Pool and I thought you might want to know
how that went." Zelsky starts.

"Oh God, do I want to hear this?" Tyrone says

"I think you do. He brought this guy in to the showers and introduced him
to the immediate group... me, Kevin, Owen. Tom did not have this all set up
in advance, it was all off the cuff. He got this guy Sean completely naked,
he was at this last party but hadn't been fully immersed in the culture of
the house. So, Tom got this guy fully involved in all of the antics and sex
he could expose this guy to." Zelsky continues...

"Oh Jeez... How bad is it?"

"Nothing bad. Tom's sense and timing was perfect. He made this guy, Sean,
want more. He exposed him to all kinds of Kink, which you can imagine, and
gave him a verbal memory test right in the middle of all the activities,
while he was sucking cock and getting fucked, just to make sure that he was
paying attention and could recall what was said on demand. He had us all
involved, with no setup. He was manipulating all of us, including me, to be
involved in his little test, just to make certain that this was a quality
candidate. I am overwhelmingly impressed with this guy, Tyrone... and I
just thought you should know that you made a very good choice. His
instincts are remarkable.

"I'm so glad to hear that. What else?" Tyrone asks.

"I'm gonna call General Thomas... so I thought I should delve into what
Anton was asking you about regarding Discipline. What did the General have
to say? What's his concern?

Tyrone takes a deep breath and starts, "I'm not quite sure what his concern
is. When we were in the middle of the discussion, me trying to interview
him to understand what he was looking for, some emergency came up and he
said he' call me back, but he didn't. My concern is that one day he's going
to believe that we discussed it... and why haven't I done anything? I got
the impression that he was half absorbed in a sexual fantasy. And you know
that I've had to face sexual fantasies along the way."

"I don't recall that, Tyrone, have you told me about that?" Zelsky asks.

"It was a while back. I thought I told you about it. Maybe I thought you'd
think I was having an ego fantasy. One of the Colonels wanted me in the
worst way ... way back when we were staring up the unit.

"Describe `worst way' for me." Zelsky tells the Sergeant.

"He was into muscles. I was getting pretty big. He thought he should be
able to slap me around and tie me down." Sergeant Brown shares with
Sergeant Zelsky. "He tied me up and kind of tortured me. It was mostly
pretty mild at first and I was intrigued. I liked most of it but I wasn't
into the pain he wanted to inflict. He was actually a pretty sexy
guy... and I was discovering my sub side and I was really liking it. I
wanted most of what he had to give me. But the more pain he wanted to
inflict, the more upset and belligerent I got. And the more belligerent the
more that he believed that he needed to beat me into submission. It had the
opposite effect. I started off as submissive and became much more dominant
in an effort to protect myself. "

"Oh god... I never knew this, Tyrone" Zelsky states. "You don't need to
tell me anything more than you're comfortable sharing."

"You know, It's okay. I think it's helping me focus a little. You know me,
I'm obviously a kinky guy." The First Sergeant shares. "I like most of
it. It's always about limits. Just how far should I go. And, conversely,
how far should I push a kid like Kevin. Or any of them."

"Why did you bring up Kevin?" Zelsky asks...

"Well, when we were driving out to San Francisco, Anton drove the van so
that Kevin could fuck me. I was in the back seat. He offered to suck my
dick, but I wanted him to fuck me... I really needed it. I needed to get my
ass boned and here was this very hot, willing Private. He wanted to suck my
cock and I wanted to get fucked. So we did BOTH simultaneously." Tyrone
tells Zelsky, "My dick was hard and long enough that he could suck on it
while fucking me.. It seemed like we were both in heaven. I was so... but
anyway, I've tried to sooth my inner beast but sometimes I just need to be
worshipped. You know, In control and kind of used at the same time. My
favorite sex was always having some stud fuck me while he was sucking on my
nipple or kissing... or something. It helped me believe that I wasn't
vulnerable.  Anyway, that was the greatest until Kevin came along and found
a way to fuck me AND suck my dick at the same time. It was so great that I
begged him to do it again on the drive home."

"It sounds like it could be my favorite porn movie," Zelsky said
smiling. "I might have to explore that, Tyrone. You've planted quite an
image in my brain." Zelsky tells Tyrone.

"Well, Zelsky," Tyrone says, "There's more... one night we were having a
dinner party at my house which became an orgy, and Kevin got very Dom and
told Tom to fuck me... and he did. It's was so awesome. I couldn't get over
how fantastic these two guys had been for me... to me. I felt like I was in
love, but I couldn't allow myself to be. But I want them around me in some
way. I opened myself up to them. They took care of me when I needed
it. Much like you are now, if you know what I mean.

"I understand why you feel the way about them that you do. I'm growing fond
of them too. But I'm not in love, it's that they're so giving, you know?"
Zelsky contributes.

"So... Tyrone... what do we do about this Colonel? Who is he?" Zelsky asks.

It's General Thomas. He wants more of me or something. I have never figured
it out. So let's revisit this conversation and figure it out one day very
soon. I can't let this fuck up the House or Tom or Kevin... or you or
Anton. There's got to be a solution."

"Let me give this some thought." Zelsky tells him.

"I want to chat with Sergeant Lansford. Do you want to be part of that?"
Tyrone says.

"Of course"

Sergeant Brown leans toward his phone and buzzes Tom on the
intercom. "Would you join us in here."

"Be back shortly, Anton. Keep checking the calendar to see if you have
conflicts." Sergeant Lansford says.

"Tom, Zelsky tells me that he thought you did a great job recruiting that
Motor Pool kid last night. How did you think it went?" Tyrone asks.

"I think it went well. He's definitely up for it. But I don't know how to
persuade his superior to let him go. There might be a time lag. I don't
even know how to go about making such a request. I think he'd be a good
asset for us, though he'll need some intel training." Tom tells the other
Sergeants."

"Yeah, you know I should have been performed memory testing like you did
last night. That's pretty smart to figure out. You know, we should probably
create an "on-boarding" procedure. Maybe you and Anton can work on that.."
Tyrone states.

"I'd love to oversee that project, Tom. I've done a couple of those kinds
of manuals. Zelsky inserts himself. "Though I think most of our official
procedure could be based on what you did last night, except that you can't
document the sex part."

"Okay." Tom says."I will appreciate whatever assistance you can provide."

"Tyrone... I want to involve Anton, Tom and Kevin on this `discipline
thing.' These guys are pretty creative. Let's see what their view is. It's
going to concern them sooner or later if we don't wrestle it to the ground
A.S.A.P." Zelsky figures.

"Tom, do you want to have Anton and Kevin come up here or do we wander down
to the House? Zelsky asks.

"A bit of both I think. Let's ask them to come up here to bring them up to
speed on the topic. There really aren't any private places at the House."
Tom responds. "They're going to need some time to think it through
anyway. I imagine this will be more than one conversation."

"Hey Anton... Get Kevin over here a.s.a.p." Tom orders.

When Kevin arrives a few minutes later, Anton goes up to the Sergeant's
inner office and knocks on the door. "Tom, Kevin is here as requested."

"Okay, Zelsky... in here or out there?" Tom asks which space to occupy
since he wasn't certain what Sergeant Zelsky had in mind, in terms of
discussing the `discipline' subject in front of First Sergeant Tyrone
Brown.

"Out there I think." Zelsky indicates the outer office.

"Tyrone, I think I need to get these guys to consider what this means and
what we are willing to do." Zelsky tells his compatriot, almost
apologetically. Tyrone acknowledges with a nod.

"Guys, here's the deal: Our Unit is overseen by a General Billy
Thomas. He's a big deal in Army Intel down at Fort Huachuca. He's the guy
that thinks we need more `discipline' in our unit. We know that he appears
to be a straight guy and we know that we report intel to him directly. He's
not terribly familiar with us actually, but we also know that he has
something going on for our first Sergeant." Zelsky puts it out there. "He's
supposedly straight, but he digs some studly Army Beefcake from time to
time. We think that he probably has a thing for Tyrone, but even HE doesn't
know what that is. But this is the guy that's made comments to Tyrone about
our Unit needed more Discipline. We don't know what that means exactly. So
we need to do some group think here and figure it out. You have any initial
thoughts?"

"I do," Private Kevin Jones states assertively.

"share..." Zelsky directs him.

"Well, we are kind of undisciplined. I mean, can we march in unison? Can we
`fall-in?' We, haven't ever that I've seen.

"Hardly what we do here." Anton speaks up.

"Yes, but maybe we should. We are in the Army after all... maybe that's
what he means, by Discipline."

"Kevin's right," Sergeant Lansford chimes in... "Our Focus is our
Ambassadorial Duties and perhaps that's not something the more traditional
Army Brass even understands. As much as they feel like a threat to us, we
may appear to be a threat to them. Perhaps we need to fit-in a little
better."

"Well, I think that I'm hearing that our Form needs to better represent our
Function... yes?" Zelsky asks.

"Um... I think so," Tom responds. "But we don't know what's in his head, so
we kind of have to be ready in multiple ways."

"You ready to be a Drill Sergeant, Sergeant Lansford?" Zelsky asks.

"Actually, Zelsky, I'm thinking you can teach me a few things. But, yes, I
think that's one of the things I'm thinking about... I'm also trying to
imagine what HE might think is HIS reference to Discipline. Do you suppose
that the Discipline he's talking about is more sexual and would he be
thinking of it from a Dom perspective or as a sub?

"I think we'd better figure out how to respond to whichever. You know,"
Kevin starts, "We can create a scenario for each if we get to it. When's he
coming to review us?"

"I need to call him. But it could be any time. He might want to surprise
us," Zelsky reveals.


New Chapter soon....

---

Untitled (Chapter 15)

Date: Sat, 4 Oct 2025 11:47:22 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 45

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private e. This is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you
aren't interested in this subject, or this is illegal where you live,
please stop reading. But, Please Support Nifty.org:
https://donate.nifty.org/ and all the great works they archive.

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at

SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you think of the story of if
you have any suggestions.


Kevin Jones New Orders 45


Day 25      0500


Tom and Kevin were asleep, having been celebrating until late the night
before. Untypical, they had closed the door of Apartment 14. It was their
statement that they were done partying and that they didn't want any more
visitors. On a normal night they leave their door open as do most of the
guys who generally hit the sack between 2100 to 2200 hours. The House isn't
a `Lights Out at by 2000 hours facility though most of the rest of the base
is on such a schedule.

They hear a knock on the door. "Come in." Kevin says. Anton opens the door.

"You guys want some coffee? I brought 3 cups. Just the way you like it:
Milk with Splenda." Anton had brought the full cups on a small serving
tray, which he set down on the dresser top.

"Is something up? Tom groggily asked Anton.

"I dunno. I just ran into Zelsky down in the kitchen and he said that he'd
be up for the Morning Coffee Ritual and I told him I'd see him up
there... here. I hope that's okay."  Anton offers the coffees/

"What time is it?" Tom asks.

As Zelsky enters the room with his cup of Black coffee and a handful of
protein bars, he says "It's time for my Ambassador to be fulfilling his
duties... My dick needs some attention."

"Hey, Zelsky... good morning" Tom says as he scratches the top of his head
and attempts to push himself up into a siting up position.

"Good morning, Sir," Kevin says. "Can I drink my coffee first? I want to be
alert for this."

"Sure, this thing isn't going anywhere," as Zelsky stroked his large cock a
few times. "Do you realize there's like 40 inches of hard cock in this
room?"

Tom replies: "coffee first, math second."

Tom and Kevin are both sipping on their hot coffee when Anton looks up at
Zelsky, "hey Sir, let me keep this warm for you." And stands before getting
down on his knees. "Here, Sir, take my seat." Zelsky, still with his coffee
cup in his right hand, sits down and spreads his legs for the six and a
half foot Anton to service his morning wood. Anton starts to lick and kiss
Zelsky's long shaft. And then runs his lips along the side of the big dick,
making his way to Zelsky's beautiful low hangers. "I need to serve your big
jewels, Sergeant. Anton uses his right hand to lift Zelsky's nut sack up
enough to lick the loose skin but then to tongue under and behind the large
nuts. Zelsky's hard cock bounced in reaction to the morning
sensation. Zelsky loves the sensation of Anton licking his balls, and puts
his large left hand on the top of Anton's head to show his
appreciation. Anton remains under Zelsky's balls for a few minutes,
occasionally lapping closer to Zelsky's butt hole which remains out of view
as he's sitting on an almost comfortable hard plastic chair. Anton sticks
his tongue as far as he can get it under Zelsky's butt. The Sergeant get's
the message. "Sir, would you allow me to taste your ass?"

"Yea, but I haven't showered yet." Zelsky tells Anton.

"If it's bad, I will stop." But Anton discovered that it was NOT too bad
and pushed forward with his long tongue.

Kevin announces that he's finished with his coffee, in case Anton is really
just keeping Zelsky entertained until Kevin is finished. Turns out that
Anton really does want to continue his trek.

Tom, ever the voyeur, achieved 100% stiff. He loves watching Anton service
Zelsky's junk... particularly his low hangers, which he's had designs on
for the last 3 days. And as much as he has fantasized about them, sometimes
the fast-paced sex they've enjoyed recently didn't really give Tom the
extensive time he'd like to explore and caress these babies. He may have to
figure out how to get some alone time with Kevin's client. Hmm... how could
he make that happen?

Kevin, sitting back against the headboard, reached past Tom to put his
coffee cup on the dresser and brushed up against Tom's rigid 10+ inch
dick. He hadn't realized that Tom was so into the proceedings. Kevin pulled
his upper body past Tom's seated torso and grabbed his hard cock, quickly
enveloping in his mouth. There wasn't much floor surface in Apartment 14
with Anton's very tall body stretched out in order to service
Zelsky. Zelsky was watching Kevin's maneuver and did nothing to get out of
his way. In fact, Zelsky calculated, if Kevin was going to get any serious
sucking accomplished on Tom's cock, Kevin would have to intertwine his legs
on the floor with Anton's which might, Zelsky hoped, give his big toes the
ability to play with Kevin's ass. Zelsky might be able to reach over
Anton's body and play with Kevin's dangling balls, or maybe his hole. When
he tried to reach past Anton's torso he was unable to reach Kevin's
rear. Tom watched the failed tactic to reach Kevin's rear end, so Tom bent
over across Kevin, and grabbed Anton's left glute enough for Zelsky to grab
and manipulate Anton's ass. Zelsky gave Anton three heavy thumps on his
butt hole, but not slaps. Anton reacted by arching his back and pushing his
ass out. As Zelsky leaned forward again to grab Anton's ass, he spoke in
his classic Zelsky baritone, just above Anton's bobbing head. "You wanna
get fucked, Anton?"

It took Anton a moment to regurgitate Zelsky's long, thick cock from his
throat. He had swallowed it pretty far down. But Anton was compelled,
because he really wanted to take the large prize in his ass. He knew that
he wanted it in him from the moment he'd watched Zelsky fuck Kevin in the
sling at that infamous Birthday Party. "Yes Sir. I want you to fuck me."

As soon as Anton attempted to shift himself into some sort of useful
position, Tom knew it was the moment that he and Kevin could escape the
wall of Anton that the small apartment had trapped them in. "Anton, you get
up here on the bed. We're gonna take a shower. Be back in a while."

Tom and Kevin got down to the shower and stepped in. "Okay, Kevin... I need
to piss like crazy. How do you want to take it?"

"I want to clean out anyway, so have a nice piss fuck? You up for that?"
Kevin asked.

"Oh yeah. It might take a minute, but yeah... definitely." Tom tells
Kevin. "But I need to get fully hard again, so get on your knees." Kevin
jerked Tom's cock into his mouth and got it back up to speed very
quickly. "Such a good boy," Tom said as he fucked Kevin's mouth. "That's
it. Stand up... turn around. Bend over, spread `em" Kevin knew the drill
but Tom loved saying those Dominating words. And that small crowd of four
men who had gathered around to watch, loved hearing Sergeant Lansford's
words as well. These guys were grateful to have such a sexy Sergeant right
here that is so accessible. And after watching them both at play last
night, well, they were ready to play all over again. But for Kevin and Tom,
it was becoming predictable. So having Zelsky around served to motivate
their attention. Kevin always wanted more piss and Tom was just as
captivated by this kink. His sex life had gone from practically zero a few
weeks earlier to sex crazed kink men when Kevin asked him to dinner that
first night. Zelsky's sexual flexibility was a pleasant surprise for Tom in
particular, in that Kevin was already very obedient to Zelsky when they
met.

"So, now that you're filled up, you're gonna do a clean out?" Tom asks.

"Yes. And I think you should too. I mean, it's probably a good idea when
Zelsky's around. I'm guessing he's having more fun here than when he's at
home base." Kevin suggests. "I'm actually really having fun keeping my
favorite two men happy. We should grab another cup and go check on their
progress. It is our bed, after all."

After they're done in the shower, they head back to the kitchen to grab
some more coffee. "I wonder what happened with the protein bars Zelsky
brought us? Let's take those guys a refill." Tom tells Kevin.

They enter Apartment 14 to find Anton cleaning up Zelsky's dick with his
tongue. Squeezing out the last couple of drops of cum and licking off his
fingers. "We brought you supplementary caffeine. Thought you might need the
energy." Kevin says as he hands the cup to Anton.

"Thanks. Probably good before this morning's run. You guys coming?" Zelsky
inquires.

"He sure doesn't let any grass grow under his feet, does he?" Tom says to
Kevin.

"COMING!" Shouts Kevin. "Give us a couple of minutes to find our shoes

Tom, Anton, Kevin and Zelsky hit the track immediately after completing
their stretches. "What's your first Priority Tom?"

"I want to spend the next day or two with the First Sergeant. I need to
garner more of an understanding of the need and flow of Intelligence in our
unit. Next will be bringing Anton up to speed, but I can't do that until I
fully understand the Intelligence aspect." Sergeant Lansford tells Sergeant
Zelsky.

"On the Money, Tom." Zelsky tells him. "What about you Anton?"

"My first priority is to fill Kevin in on all the operations of the House
including a short profile on each of the ambassador's and their clients."
Anton states. "My Intension is to create a multiple page operating manual
for the House. My second priority is to help Kevin come up with a new
nutrition plan, including meal and workout schedule for all of the men at
the House"

"Kevin?"

"Well, I realize that I know the least of the three of us and it will help
me to know more about our Ambassadorial aspect, focusing on the needs of
our Officer Clients and then, of course, our Ambassadors themselves." Kevin
observes, "Just from observing I think that we might want to enact a little
more training for our men. How to organize and perform better
services. Sort of become more professional assistants. I know that I'd like
that for me. So, I guess I need to asks some of the men what kind of
training might help them."

"Well said, Private," Tom responds. "In fact, part of the two of us getting
involved was because Kevin came to me asking to learn our procedures and
how to organize." Tom focuses his answer toward Zelsky."

"I think the guys might like to know more," Anton supposes. "But I believe
they might have to be inspired and maybe educated a little. Their
self-worth has been based on their entertainment value, and not their
intelligence handling value. Perhaps the status change of the three of us
might be a good time to help these guys prioritize their own effort.

"Well, maybe we should consider what their basis for self-value is." Zelsky
adds. "I mean, these are among the hottest men I've ever met. Perhaps we
should interview each one and dig a little deeper."

"I'm up for digging deeper." Kevin snickers.

"You're a pig," Zelsky comments, "...which is part of why we all love you,
Kevin."

"Any time, Sir." Kevin says with a grin.

"Let's go meet with the First Sergeant. We need to get his input." Zelsky
tells them.

Tom Texts Sergeant Brown and asks if 10-Hundred hours is too early to
meet. He responded that, no, he spent the night at the House and he's
already to walk over to his office. But would like a cup of black coffee
first.

Tom's response text: "We'll be back at the House in 12 minutes."

________________________________


0950 HOURS


When the men return to the house after their morning run, they meet
Sergeant Brown in Family Room, sitting quietly by himself reminiscing about
the entertainment of the party. Tom enters and asks if the men could join
him in the Family Room, where there is enough seating for the five men. The
First Sergeant is pleased to see the men and responds with a
smile. "Happily."

Tom starts, "Sergeant Brown, we've just been discussing how we might
progress, but we'd like to get your thoughts as well." Tom brings the First
Sergeant up to speed about how they'd like to progress.

"Happy to hear that. I have been thinking much the same
things. Specifically, I realize that I've kept most of the Intelligence
operation to myself because it gives me a sense of control over everything
and I realize that my plans to bring you up to speed should have happened a
while ago." Sergeant Brown says, looking at Tom. "So I'm glad that this is
what we're focused on now. We need to be behind closed doors to discuss the
details, but suffice it so say, most of the information that we collect is
run of the mill stuff and sometimes it's simply confirmation of stuff they
already know. But sometimes I realize that we are getting ground breaking
stuff. Some of our Senior Clients can't go through their own chain of
command because they simply don't know if the info will get to where it
needs to go. So, these guys use us as a delivery system plus they get to
use their connection and get a reward along the way. Our men really help
smooth the path to sharing, which our clients want to do.  Perhaps, we
should take our coffee over to my office and continue the conversation."
All four of the men agreed.

"Do you have bottles of water at your office?  I think I'm coffeed out,"
Kevin asks. "I love coffee, but I can only do 3 cups, max."

The 5-minute chit chat about the party and who did what and which guys were
fun to watch... spoken mostly in hushed tones as they walk toward Sergeant
Brown's office. Anton was most impressed with Tom taking Zelsky's
dick. Nobody mentioned the guys that stopped by to Service Tyrone other
than his own comment about how glad he was to have attended the party.

The 5 men walked directly into the First Sergeant's office. Kevin was a
tiny bit concerned that he should wait in the outer office to be invited
in, because of his subordinate rank. But everyone marched in and sat down
for the meeting that he's supposed to be attending, so he followed.

Sergeant Tom Lansford spoke first. "Everyone here knows that this is an
Intel operation. But ours is a pretty relaxed environment and I don't think
all of the men understand the procedures and operations of that. So,
Sergeant Brown, can you be specific about who's privy to this information
and where it winds up? Are all of us of the necessary rank and have
clearance where we can know about this? Are any of us in jeopardy for
knowing something that we shouldn't?

Zelsky speaks up: "That's a great question. I'm not sure either. And who
gives us clearances? Are the channels entirely Army? How would we add
somebody if we needed to?"

"Whoa up there!" Sergeant Brown tells them. "You're exactly correct in your
line of thinking. And to be honest, It's good for me to hear these
concerns. I have to clean up some of the clearances. I've been operating
autonomously for too long. The Army channels that I feed information to
have really only been interested in the Intel itself and not too much in
the chain of knowledge as I'm sure they will be now. I have been a one man
show. And it's not as though we have to have a high-level clearance
qualification because they're not feeding us info... it's just us feeding
them, and that's why I think they haven't been too concerned."

"When you're feeding info to your contact, do they ever need additional
info? Tom asks. "I just want to understand the dynamics."

"Only once in four years. Most of the info comes from multiple sources
simultaneously, so it's often just confirmation. The reason they wanted
MORE information that one time is that they were surprised by it. And it
turned out to be very valuable info." The First Sergeant tells the guys.

"Do your contacts know that you are leaving the unit? Tom asks

"I sent in a report, but I can't yet tell them a date so I don't have a
response yet." Sergeant Brown answers Tom.

"Do they have our names and Army IDs? Do we need to be completing
paperwork?" Anton asks.

"It's all in the report I sent in. But I don't know how deep they're going
to want to go into your backgrounds. I mean, after all, you're already in
the program."

"Can we know who your contact is? Tom asks.

"Sure, his name is General Billy Thomas. He runs a pretty major Army
Intelligence Unit in Sierra Vista, Arizona. You'll probably meet him at
some point." Sergeant Brown tells Tom.

"Ok... is Billy gay? I mean, I'm not sure that this is something we need to
know, but now's the time to tell me if you think he will have an
expectation from us." Tom asks.

"He started off as one of those straight men who fell in love with his
buddy in a fox hole... He doesn't live a gay lifestyle, but he really likes
a great blowjob from a sexy soldier." The First Sergeant tells the visitors
in his office.  "He will like to enjoy a private dinner with Kevin or Owen
or probably anyone at the House. He really likes a hot guy in leather. He's
about Kevin's size. I'm pretty sure that he's a voyeur in that he likes a
good porn occasionally. And I'm pretty certain that he likes
discipline. We've had discussions about the necessity of discipline in the
Army, on two different occasions."

"Maybe we should invite him to join us at the Folsom Fair." Anton
speculates. "Do you know if he's into that kind of thing?"

"I don't." The Sergeant says, regretfully. "I was so intent on keeping our
respectful association that I didn't ask too many questions, though I did
the the impression that he might be a dog behind closed doors. He is a
Physically fit Army Daddy, probably in his early 60s... I'm thinking that
he'd probably look good in a harness." Tyrone smiles knowingly.

"Will he come up to meet us, do you think?" Inquires Sergeant Tom Lansford.

"I would say likely so." The First Sergeant replied.

"What is the nature of most of the intel that has been passed onto him? I
mean, I have never been privy to any of this. And... do you submit this
intel in writing or over the phone?" Tom asks.

"Mostly phone calls if he has the time. I'll send him a text
occasionally. He calls me occasionally on my cell phone."

"And by the way, Anton has clearance and so do you, Sergeant. You've had it
for some time, I just didn't follow through. "Sergeant Brown informs
them. "Kevin needs to be receive his. Zelsky, do you think you should get
cleared or do you have any level of clearance that I don't know about?"

"We talked about it when you were forming the unit. I didn't ever receive
anything that said I got cleared. I just assumed that I didn't need it. So,
you might want to ask when you speak to the General about it." Zelsky
recalls. "I think my increased volume here should warrant it... and I think
I'd feel a little more protected if I run across something by accident.

"What else?" Asks Brown.

Tom wonders, "Do we keep any kind of records on this Intel that we pass
along? I've never seen anything that would suggest we do."

"Only if the intel incident report reaches a certain threshold. And then
the General's group documents it and sends me a copy to acknowledge that
the facts are correct as we understand them. They keep the paperwork. We
are strictly field reporters. We report what we hear. The nature of our
intel is mostly based on possible concerns. They are generally about things
that have been heard from our clients. The best example was that one big
report was regarding a possible terrorist stationed on a base who might
have been planning an event. One of our clients got wind of it and decided
that he needed to report it. The General's operation was surprised and set
up some surveillance and we only heard the result but never got our hands
dirty. It was a big score for our team. They found some explosives and they
arrested the guy. I believe that he's still in prison, and will likely
never get out. After signing off on the original report, my records were
deleted, right off my computer without my knowledge and they have that
report tucked away. They like to control the flow of information. Remember
this, Tom: You are the contact, these are your men, so every report goes
out in YOUR name.

"Well, that certainly puts my mind at ease...Holy crap." Tom responds.

"I think it's important that you guys meet with the General. Tyrone, you
contacting him or would you like me to do it? Zelsky offers.

"It might be good for you to just have a conversation with him... just to
reassure him. He knows you're still involved. Do you think you'll remember
him?"

"We never met." Zelsky tells the First Sergeant.

"Yeah you did." Sergeant Brown tells him. "You were introduced to him. I
introduced you when we were just setting up this unit. He was Colonel
William Thomas. You didn't care for him, because he kept staring at you and
you were uncomfortable around him. You said he was annoying."

"Oh my god... I didn't realize that was him." Zelsky replies "All this time
I didn't realize that you were telling me about HIM."

"I doubt that it matters. He doesn't know that you didn't remember him."
The First Sergeant assures Zelsky. "But I'm sure that he'll come around to
observe and then he'll get back on his jet and fly back to Arizona."

Anton queries: "almost a month ago, Sergeant, you told me about a
difficulty of somebody high up that felt that we had a discipline problem
in our unit. Was it General Thomas?"

"Yeah, I'm impressed that you are connecting those dots." Sergeant Brown
commended Anton. "He's really the only guy, to my knowledge that knows
anything about our unit that would make such a criticism. And I never
understood the basis for it. But his protest might have been aimed at
me. He was saying that we are not a disciplined unit and I argued that this
unit wasn't ever designed to march around the field in march-step, but that
if he had some suggestions, I would listen to them."

The tension in the meeting went up as they analyze what this could
mean. "You've actually hit on a major concern of mine. I've been
contemplating all of this for the last several days and I've probably been
kind of distant," Tyrone tells the men. "If I have, I apologize."

"Might the General be the one to nominate you to Officer Training?" Zelsky
asks.

"I don't think I'll ever know that. Sergeant Brown comments. "I kind of
thought it might have been you."

"I was called about it. I gave them a very positive comment about you,"
Zelsky says, "and I was asked if I would participate in the transition
process. I answered affirmatively, of course."

Sergeant Lansford interjects: "Gentlemen, is there any reason to believe
that this will change the course of this Unit? Are we moving forward or are
we simply going to play this out and see where it goes?"

"No, I think we just continue. Maybe we meet every day for an hour and the
rest of the day we figure out our individual new duties." Sergeant Brown
tells his men. "Let's not deviate in our mission unless we're compelled
to. We'll get through this. Now, are there any procedural questions?"

"Yes, I have a suggestion: We meet once a day in the morning for an hour
max," Anton proposes. "we spend the rest of the morning learning that
particulars of our new roles, and then in the afternoon I go back over to
the house and work with Kevin to bring him up to speed, though he's very
familiar with all the men in the House, already."

"You just couldn't wait to point out that I'm familiar with everyone in the
House, could you?" Kevin tells Anton, with a grin.

"That means that I would work with you at your desk in the morning,
Tyrone," Tom interprets. "Then go back to my old desk for some period of
the afternoon. But I think I need a schedule also to work with Anton early
as well since that's when he'll be here. So, I'll work out a calendar for
days and times for the next two weeks and I'll distribute it as a hard
copy.

So, then, we need to figure out who's going to be the General's contact in
the interim and what he might expect. AND, we need to discuss your house,
the twins and Zelsky's schedule for the next month... agreed?" Tom puts his
suggestion out to the group. "Tell me if I'm missing anything and/or if
there's anything we can't complete." No responses. " Okay then, let's get
together back here at 1500 hours this afternoon and make some decisions
about where the Twins will work and live. You're welcome in all of the
meetings that you choose to attend, Zelsky, but I'd really like you to be
here for any discussions about the General, okay?"

"... And, Zelsky, my house is free for you to use, whether I'm there or
not. Though I haven't decided if I'm going to keep it yet, First Sergeant
Tyrone Brown tells Zelsky."

"You should keep it. If it turns out that your plans change you can always
sell or rent. As for me, I'm having a great time at the House. I want to
stay there. I'll let you know if I change my mind." Sergeant Zelsky tells
his friend.

Tom remains in The Sergeants' office to work with him. Anton sits at Tom's
old desk. Tom asks if either men want a coffee. They both say they
don't. Tom tells the Sergeant that he's going to situate Anton at his new
desk and that's he'll return a.s.a.p. Anton and Tom play `what's this for?'
For almost an hour. Tom reports back to Sergeant Brown and they begin to
discuss all of the procedures in the office that Tyrone takes care of
himself without ever bringing Tom into it. "Do very many people call you
directly on your cell phone? And will you be giving them my cell number?
Perhaps I should put them in my directory so I know whom they are when they
call." Tom proposes.

"That's a very good idea. I'll go through my contacts." The First Sergeant
says.

After the meeting Kevin and Zelsky walked back down to the House. "So, you
don't have anything scheduled for now, do you?" Zelsky asks.

"Not until Anton comes back down this afternoon to show me how the House
works, but I think I pretty much know how it works. I'm eager to see what I
don't know." Kevin explains.

"You're still gonna be my ambassador, right?" Zelsky asks

"Well, yeah. I assume I'm your ambassador. I still wanna be." Kevin smiles
up at Zelsky.

"So let me ask you this: You want to involve the twins or are you gonna
suck my cock all by yourself?" Zelsky asks.

"Are you up for a quick orgasm or do you want to get serviced for a long
while? Kevin asks.

Zelsky just smiles his big evil grin. "I'll go find the boys." Kevin tells
him. "Let's go get naked. Leave our clothes in my room."

Zelsky follows Kevin up to the room the Twins are staying in.... They're
not there. Kevin stops at Tim's room and asks if he's seen the boys. He
thinks he heard them talking about fixing something in the gym. Kevin tells
Zelsky that he'll meet him in Apartment 14. But Kevin heads down to the gym
and finds the boys affixing a large ring in the middle of the ceiling of
the gym. Kevin asks "What's that for?"

Deke tells Kevin that "... one of the guys at the party had wanted to hang
something from a ring in the middle of the room like this," as he points to
the ceiling.

"Um... Jeez, guys, did you get permission to do this?" Kevin asks.

"No. We don't know who to ask." David says.

"Well, starting now you need to ask ME. I'm responsible for this
house. This house belongs to the Army and you can't just do stuff like this
without getting permission." Kevin sternly tells the boys. "Go up to my
room now." The boys both look dejected and are thinking they're gonna get
in trouble. David is hoping that he's gonna get spanked.

When the boys walk into the room and see Zelsky sitting there naked on the
chair, David stood there waiting to be told to bend over for his
swats. Kevin followed the boys into the room and asked the boys if their
asses were cleaned out. David said yes, Deke said no. Kevin told Deke to go
clean out his ass. Kevin followed him downstairs to supervise. Now, David
was even more sure that he was going to be punished as the twins were being
separated, one from the other, as it was when they got punished by their
father. "David asks Zelsky, "are you going to punish me?"

Zelsky: "Should I punish you?" David nodded. "Okay then, bend over my
knee. How many swats do you deserve?:

"Probably 20. Kevin is really pissed off at me."

"Why is he pissed at you?" Zelsky questioned him.

"Because we installed a ring in the ceiling of the gym without asking."
David explains himself.

"Are these swats that I have to give you hard or soft?" Zelsky chides.

"I think, really hard. Kevin will want them to be painful, I think. He's my
master and he's really angry."

As Kevin assists with cleaning out Deke's ass, the boys can hear the swats
being inflicted by Zelsky. Kevin doesn't quite know what to make of it, but
instructs Deke to join them upstairs when he's cleaned out. Kevin walks
upstairs to find David, sporting a solid boner, laid out over Zelsky's
knee, Zelsky happily smacking David's ass. Kevin smiled when he realized
that nobody was actually being hurt.

Kevin: "David, what's going on ? You're making me a little jealous."

David looked up at Kevin. "He's punishing me like you wanted."

"I didn't say that, did I, David? Actually, I think maybe you told Zelsky
that I wanted you to be punished, didn't you? Kevin said with a knowing
smile on his face.

"Yes. That's what I told him." David states, and then looks up at
Zelsky. "Don't stop."

Zelsky continues to spank David's ass fairly hard as he looks up at Kevin
and tells him... "yeah, I knew that, but I wanted to spank this very cute
little ass anyway."

"You still want that Blow Job? Kevin asks.

"More than ever. I'm so horned up" Zelsky replies, showing Kevin the head
of his big hard expanding cock protruding out from under David's Lilly
white tummy, kind of accentuating his now very red ass. "David, get on your
knees and lick my balls."  "Kevin... there's lots of cock here for you my
boy."

"Yes, Sir. Thank you, Sir." Kevin tells Zelsky two seconds before taking
the big cock head into his mouth and giving it his best effort to gag on
the big dong as quickly as possible.

Zelsky laughs at Kevin's struggle. "I love your enthusiasm, boy." Zelsky
pushes down encouragingly on the back of Kevin's head which makes Kevin gag
that much more, all the while taking the cock down his throat that much
further, until he simply cannot breath and then extracts himself off the
dick... gasping for fresh oxygen and then forcing the elongated pole down
his throat again. "The more you choke on my cock the greater my
satisfaction... you know that, don'cha boy?

Kevin has to regurgitate the giant cock in order to answer. "Yes, I do. The
more I gag, the more my throat acts like a cunt `cause it grabs your big
hose on all sides."

"True," Zelsky tells him as Kevin begins to take his cock into his mouth
again. "But you look so tortured when you're choking on my cock. I don't
need to you to choke to make me cum.

Once again, Kevin has to back off of Zelsky's big dick to answer. "I like
taking care of you. I like being the `active' one sometimes. It makes me
want to work towards your total satisfaction, Sir. If you just fuck me then
I'm the passive one. But if I'm sucking your cock then I get to be in
charge for a few minutes."

"Is that the way you see it?" Zelsky asks.

"Yeah, of course. Even though Tom and I are both pretty much sub, I like to
Dominate him sometimes. Tom and I trade off being the Dom. It allows us
both to submit, which I think is really the fun part. But I love to Dom
sometimes because it gives my partner a chance to sit back and enjoy the
service. I love to get sucked off but I really like the active role of
giving you what I think you will want. It's like a gift. Right now, I'm
into giving you a gift. Get it?"

"Yeah, when you put it that way. I've always just gotten my way in sexual
encounters. I've always related it to be being in charge because I'm
bigger. "The tall Sergeant says cheerfully.

Kevin looks at the big man directly in his eyes... "Did you think that when
Tom pissed in your mouth in the shower that you were being Dom?" Kevin
chides.

"I didn't think about my role at all. I was just enjoying the connection
with both of you guys." Zelsky defends.

"You're right, and that's what matters. When you or Tom piss in my mouth, I
love taking it for you. I'm totally passive. And when you're done and I
start to suck your dick again, now I'm the active one and you can just sit
back and let me motivate some cum out of your cock. It goes back and forth
all the time. That's the connection. It's based on each of us wanting to
please the other. Now Sergeant, I need to finish my job... unless, of
course you want to fuck me." Kevin grins.

"You're amazing Kevin. You've figured all of this out, haven't you? No... I
think I'm just going to sit back here on the bed and let you be in
charge. I do want to shoot some sperm down your throat." Zelsky says.

"David, I need to move you. But you can watch if you like." Kevin tells his
slave boy. David went and sat in the chair and watched... and
learned. David knows how to suck cock but Kevin knows how to connect all
the parts.

"Generally he's playing with my balls or taint when he's sucking my cock,
"Zelsky tells David, who is sitting in the chair and listening to Zelsky
speak while Kevin is sucking him off. "He's always touching me somewhere
else. It's very stimulating."

"Cool," says David. "I wanna learn how to do that."

"David, I want you to be cleaning out the Sergeants arm pit with your
tongue," and Kevin pulls David up to Zelsky underarm and stuffs David's
face in it. "Just keep doing that." Then he drops back to his knees and
continues sucking and licking the large dong.

"Perfect." Zelsky tells him, hoping that Anton wasn't going to show up at
the House too soon. Kevin stopped sucking for a while so that Kevin could
lick and taste the sergeant's balls. Kevin loves sucking dick but Zelsky
possesses his very favorite pendulous junk.


________________________

1350 Hours

Anton has been chatting about new policies and procedures with Sergeant
Tom, like what are Anton's new priorities. The two friends continue their
conversation, crisscrossing between Army business and personal business,
they know one another very well. Tom queries, "Okay, let me ask you a
serious question, does it work for you to be living and sleeping with Kevin
at the House? I mean, Tyrone was never living in the same space as you so
you probably didn't bump heads.

" There's a changing dynamic here: Kevin is now living and sleeping with my
boss. This is a new environment for all of us, not to mention that Zelsky
is now predictably staying at the house anytime he comes to town. AND your
boyfriend and roommate is now in charge of the House. What happens if we
get bored fucking the same 5 guys?"

"Hahaha... you've got a good point. But I think that the real question is
`what if we get tired of fucking the same 16 men. I don't really see that
being a problem. I don't think I could be bored with that many
combinations... I would just start back at one and go through them all
again. And you know, we'll probably find some new guys to bring into the
unit by the time we're bored. Plus Zelsky... plus the twins, plus Gavin and
Sean... Oh, fuck, I forgot, I have to call Sean. Hold on a minute. "

Tom text to Sean: "Hey Bud, do you have time to call or come by for a chat
later? Tom" Sean to Tom: "Sure, what's up? Sean" "Just need to chat ..."
"1700 at the House?" Replies Sean "C U Then"

"Anton, I'm going to get into a conversation a little later with Sean from
the Motor Pool." Tom proposes. "I wanna see how committed he might be to
our Mission. I believe he wants to transfer to our unit."

"We watched him Sucking Devin's cock at the party, right?" Anton asks.

"Yes, but we need to know how big he is... and what he can take, that's
where you come in." Tom tells Anton. "Your cock is an inch longer than mine
and it's just ... just different. Plus, he's gotta be able to carry on a
conversation while he's getting fucked. You know the drill. So, get cleaned
up by the time he arrives at 1700 hours if you can."

"So, let's get back to living at the House.  Are you uncomfortable with me
living at the House?" Tom asks.

"You know... no. I don't think I am, but you have to realize that the House
could get kind of tense when Tyrone would show up." Anton recalls.

"I don't see that. I was kind of more intimidated by him sexually than
anyone and I realized that he was just a hot man that wanted to connect
with all of us. Kevin took a really huge risk and pissed on our Sergeant in
front of everyone, in part to relax everyone. We were all amazed. I think
that we mostly realized that he was just one of us that night. Now that
I've been staying at the House I've had a chance to play with several of
the guys here. I think it's kind of normalized everything around here. If
I'd gotten promoted first and then moved into the House, it might have been
awkward... but I think the guys here aren't weirded out by it. I think both
Kevin and I are pretty accessible. I've certainly never called anyone
out. I hope I never have to. Anyway, all the guys here have seen me pissing
and taking piss. So I don't think anything has changed just because I'm a
Sergeant now, do you? And, Kevin and I both will play with any of the
guys... if they want to."

"Maybe you should interview the guys and see how they feel about it" Anton
solicits. "I would help if you want."

"Okay, but let's get past some of the transition issues before we get
distracted with some questions nobody cares about at the moment. But if I
shouldn't be staying at the House, probably Zelsky shouldn't either. "

Anton: "Yeah, maybe."

"I think we're done here for today. I'm gonna work on our calendar for a
few minutes and then I'll see you at the House when I can get out of here."
Sergeant Tom Lansford states.

Tom completes the First Draft of the Calendar and makes a copy for Sergeant
Brown. He calls the Sergeant on the intercom... "Yes, of course you can
come in." The First Sergeant tells Tom.

"You know, Tom, I really appreciate your loyalty. I feel really good
turning this over to you. You had some great questions today. I really had
to give some thought to what you were asking." Tyrone tells his
replacement. "I have every confidence in you."

"Tyrone... did you ever give any thought to you living in the House? Anton
seems a little concerned about me living there. I don't want to stop
bunking with Kevin. I think it would kill me to imagine what he'd be up to
if I wasn't there. If you have a thought about it I'd love to hear it."

"I do." Tyrone advises. "We already know that Anton has been the big man on
that hill for a long time. All of a sudden, you're the big man on that hill
and his successor is your boyfriend.  And then we have Zelsky who will be
staying there from time to time. He's probably feeling a little competition
from the Top and from the Bottom... so maybe a little squeezed. I think
it's just a matter of his getting used to it. And I imagine that you're
really getting to know all the guys in the House on your own and with
Kevin's help. Am I right?"

"The guys all seem pretty enthusiastic. I haven't interviewed anyone to ask
why. Tom replies."

"Omg... we have a plan to meet at 15:00 hours about the twins. I got caught
up in training Anton and I forgot." Tom Tells Sergeant Brown.

Tyrone tells Tom: "It's okay, we'll do it tomorrow."

"Thanks, I'm gonna finish up. See you in the morning." Tom reports

Text from STL to Anton, Zelsky, Kevin " 1500 mtg resched to tmrw" Kevin:
"STL?"  Tom: "Sgt Tom Lansford" Kevin: "ok sry"

After their conversation, Tom wanders back down to the House. Grabs a Diet
Coke in a can just to inject a little caffeine into his system... So many
details rattling around in his head. I was way more organized when I was
Corporal... and that was only two days ago. Oi.

As tom reaches the top of the first flight of stairs on his way to
Apartment 14, he hears some heavy breathing and some moans, but no talking.
He enters the steamy room that smells like men having sex. "I have to go
shower. I'll be back shortly.

Zelsky has certainly experienced long sessions of sexual service, but none
quite as focussed on a single BlowJob... And his Left armpit is quite
clean. He probably would have continued to be serviced by Kevin and David
for a while longer, but Tom's arrival sort of shook the men out of their
delightful sexual stupor and Zelsky decided to make an effort to engage his
warmed up engine and deliver his payload. It didn't take too long but it
might have never happened if Tom hadn't gotten their cumulative
attention. Kevin would have continued to suck on the big cock for quite a
while longer. David would have done whatever he was told to do.

After Kevin gulped down most of the big load, he grabbed David and kissed
him deeply, sharing a portion of Zelsky's prize. Kevin thought David
deserved to share. David was so thankful to be recognized for his
contribution.    1645 Hours

"You want to grab a shower?" Kevin suggested to Zelsky.

"Sure. Let's go see what Tom is up to." Zelsky suggests.

Private Sean Covin got out of the Motor Pool early and he had a couple of
vehicles he could use on the base. His favorite jeep wasn't available so he
jumped in the van and drove it over to the House to meet Sergeant Tom
Lansford.

When he came to the front door, Anton came to the door naked. "I know Tom
is expecting you. He is in the shower. Why don't you leave your clothes in
the Family Room and join him in the shower?" Anton suggests. Sean had
expected a `chat' with Sergeant Tom, but hadn't expected it to be naked
chat. `Oh well, he'd just been to the big party just a day earlier, so he
shouldn't be surprised. He took off his boots and all of his clothes as
directed by Anton and followed him over to the showers where Kevin and
Zelsky had joined him only two minutes earlier.

Zelsky quickly asks "What's on tap for this evening?"

Before Tom could answer, Sean walks in and is wondering if he should just
join in taking a shower with the rest of the guys. "Good evening Sir."

"Good evening Private. Sean, did you meet Sergeant Zelsky? This is Private
Sean Covin."

Zelsky, standing naked in the shower, lifting his balls up to get warm
water where it's most needed. Sean is wildly stupefied by the striking
presence standing in front of him. Sean was excited and started to soap up,
while his own junk began to rise to the occasion.

"I thought that maybe this evening we might like to get to know the Private
a little bit better. I wanna see if he's able to keep up with us. He's
expressed interest in joining our unit." Tom tells the group loudly enough
for everyone in ear shot to hear. This is a surprise to Owen and Kevin and
Paul. They are a bit surprised. No one has ever seen this kind of test take
place.

"The thing is Sean, I want to see how you handle real life situations." Tom
explains. "So, I need for you to show me how good you are at multiple
things. How adaptable you are. How resourceful you can be. How charming you
can be. How sexy you can be. And then use all of that to bring back the
information I send you out to get."

"Like what?" Sean attempts to qualify.

"Like we're going to use you on and off, pass you between us for a while
and then at the end we're going to ask you some questions."

"Are we going to have dinner at some point?" Sean wants to know.

"Probably, but we don't have a plan yet." Tom tells him.  "So, ready for
this?

"Yeah... I guess."

"Good, get cleaned out.... I'll show you how, Owen, come over here and get
on your knees."  Owen is surprised but complies with Tom's direction.

"When was the last time your cleaned out, Owen?" Sergeant Lansford asked.

"Last night, Sir"

"Okay, good... Now, Sean, I'm gonna help my buddy out because it's way
easier to do this for somebody else. So, he needs to be close to a drain
over here, because I'm gonna fill his ass with warm water, really full and
then he's going to blow it out over that big drain. We have these hoses,
like at a filling station. Grab this hose and pull it out and then get a
little lube from this dispenser up here, just a little and then spread it
on the nozzle. Then you take another gob and spread it on his hole, like
this...  You probably want to finger the hole a bit so that all the skin is
greased up. Now, squeeze a little on this nozzle and it will squirt
out. You need to make sure it's working before you shove it in his
ass. Okay, nice easy pressure. Here, hold this hose. Squeeze the nozzle
gently. Good, now don't let go, stick it in his hole and once it's in you
squeeze the trigger on the nozzle. There, good. Hold it there. Does that
feel good, Owen?"

Owen nods, "feels great."

"Owen is going to swish it around inside his gut to make sure the water is
reaching all the little dark places... How's that Owen?

"Good sir."

"Okay, stop filling his ass. And GENTLY extract the hose. Owen will now go
shit out all the water over the drain. I look to see if it's completely
clear... it's not, so we do it again. Put the hose back in and squirt it
around inside his ass. Okay, let's see if it's completely clear. There's
very little remnants. It's clean enough to eat, right? I spread his ass and
stick my tongue in to taste it." Tom tastes Owens ass. "Ummm. That's
awesome. Now you taste it." Sean isn't used to the taste of ass. He fumbles
a little and then Tom separates his sexy glutes and holds Owen's ass
open. "Get in there, Sean. See what Owen's ass tastes like."

"So... you've watched how we clean out. Can you do this to yourself, you
think?" Tom asks.

"Sticking my tongue in a hot ass like this makes me Horny. And eating ass
is a really great foreplay to fucking. I'm hard. What get's you hard, Sean?

"God, almost everything. I think it's just because I'm being watched, "Sean
replies.

"Around here, it's pretty common to be watched." Tom tells him. "Can you
get hard?"

"Probably, if somebody plays with my nipples." Sean shares. Tom quickly
grabs Sean's nipples and squeezes... and continues to squeeze
repeatedly. And then Tom grabs the back of Sean's neck and Tom roughly
pulls him in and begins to kiss Sean passionately for a couple minutes in
order to stimulate his sexy 9-inch cock. Then Tom reaches down and strokes
Sean's growing member. That works.

"Very nice dick, Sean. I want you to fuck Owen with it. You probably need
to spit on his ass first and make it all wet so it's comfortable for him to
take it in his ass. You ready?"

Sean connects with Owen. Both men are enjoying the fuck. "Thanks
Owen... you guys play for a few minutes."

Tom walks over to Kevin and whispers "Green17" Kevin whispers something
unintelligible. Tom says "Code Orange 6 in the midst of a sentence full of
gibberish speaking to Zelsky.

Zelsky says in a whisper, "I just came a short while ago. Don't send him my
way... at least not yet. But it might be fun to fuck him."

Tom looked up in surprise and nodded. "Okay."

Tom asked Kevin if he had to piss. Kevin nodded. "Okay, go piss on Sean's
dick WHILE he's fucking Owen. Just keep going until you're empty." Kevin
nodded again.

Private Paul Porter has been standing around the activity hoping that Tom
will point to him and give him a task to perform. "Get behind him and put
your arms around him seductively and then rub your dick against his
hole. See if you can distract him. After a while, piss on his crack, get
his hole wet."

Porter: "Yes Sir, Thank you, Sir."

Tom says loudly, "oh... and Private Porter, beautiful dick, man. Sean is
going to suck it after you fuck him. He's going to learn why it's so
important to clean out his own ass."

"Green Chile Momba" Tom whispers in Paul's ear, just loud enough for Sean
to hear.

After 30 minutes Tom comes over and straddles Owen. He lifts Sean's chin up
and Tom says "How's your dick working?" Sean is in the zone and he says
"uh... good sir." Tom gives him a nice 30 second kiss and then slaps his
face playfully, but it shocks him.  "We have a couple of good-sized dicks
in this unit. You like to get fucked?"

"Does it matter what I like?"

"Not really... but I'm not going to force you to take a big dick if it's
gonna damage you." Tom tells him.

"Have you ever taken this cock?" Sean tries to qualify.

"I have." Tom tells him.

"Okay, then I'm sure I can do it."

"I think you should suck on it first... see if you're up for it." Tom warns
him.

Kevin leans in, "no, dude... suck on it first. Really."

"Okay... whatever you say, Kevin" Sean says dismissively.

"Hey Zelsky, Sean is okay with you fucking him." Tom tells the largest
Sergeant in the room. "Show him what you got."

Zelsky had been jackin' his dick in preparation for this moment. And walked
over to Sean and handed him his huge cock. "Here."

Sean had been focused on other men on his dick highway and was quite
surprised by the heft of the very large and heavy cock. "OH MY FUCKING
GOD," Sean said slowly.

"Like I said, I think you should suck it first." Tom repeats himself.

"You got fucked by this?" Sean asks.

"Yup, I did. Kevin's taken it a few times."

"Why didn't you tell me... " Sean asks.

"Gosh, I thought that's what I was doing." Tom states. "No problem, we'll
find you another one."

Zelsky snickered as he watched.

"Paul, put your cock in his mouth and see what he's capable of.... Anton,
you're next up"

"Kevin go grabs some beers." Tom says, which Kevin grabs a few and passes
them around including to Sean.

"Thanks, I was wondering if there would be any party favors.... other than
me." Sean says with a smile.

"Well that's a good response. He's got a sense of humor." Tom says to
Zelsky. "That really helps. Plus, his energy is good. He's not winding
down. Do you have a full bladder?"

"Yup. I can piss on him if you like." Zelsky tells Tom.

"I'm gonna start kissing him in a minute. I want you to step over and piss
directly into our mouths. See if he can take it or what his reaction is."
And with that Tom goes over to the bent over Sean who is still sucking
Paul's cock. Tom takes Sean's neck and bends him forward, telling Paul to
fuck him. As Private Porter's cock makes its way into Sean's butt hole,
Sean groans mostly in pleasure. Tom continues to hold the back of Sean's
head and Tom positions his face to start kissing him. Tom continues to
control him as he expects Sean to jerk away when Zelsky's piss hits his
face. Tom begins to kiss Sean passionately and Sean is quite into it. Full
tongue. Sean surprises Tom when the piss hits their lips... Sean stays
engaged and opens his mouth to engage and capture all that he can. Zelsky
is also surprised and keeps the stream right where Tom had directed
it. They were very connected and continued to accept it zealously licking
each other's faces and it drizzled down onto their chins and chests.

Kevin was so overwhelmed just watching that he jumped in and joined in the
piss tasting contest. "God that's so fucking hot." Kevin tells them. Sean
smiled at Kevin and Tom as he continued to slurp up as much as he could
while Zelsky was sharing. The three men continued kissing even after he was
empty.

"I can't believe how great that was," Kevin looks up at Zelsky, "that was
awesome. Thanks."

While still getting fucked, Tom again kisses Sean. "Having fun yet?"

"Oh my god, yes. I love you being our group Dom. That's so fucking hot."
Sean tells Sergeant Lansford.

"You close, Paul?"

"Gimme a minute. I'm.. almost... there. Oh jeez, I'm cumming." Paul Porter
announces to the room.

"Okay, first, did you enjoy all of that?" Tom asks Sean.

"Yes, I was just a little surprised by it. I didn't know what our chat
might entail." Sean smiles.

"Okay. There were 3 `secret codes' that were dropped while you were busy
entertaining the room. Can you remember them?"

"I think so. The first was `Green 17.' The next was `Orange 6'... then,
"speaking slowly "I think you said `Green Chile Mambo, but it was tough to
hear."

"You got it, Private Covin. Would you remember that tomorrow or the next
day?" Tom asked.

"I think so, but I might have to write it down." Sean says.

"You did good. The point is that you might not recall it three or four days
later when you would need to report to me what you heard. If you can't
recall that, then the info isn't any good to me. You need to know that this
isn't just all fun. It has a serious side to it."

"Understood Sir." Sean stands a little more at attention.

"Now... We're going to get something to eat, would you like to join us?"

"I'd love to. I happen to know where we can find some transportation."

"Cheeseburgers?" The six men agreed. "Let's get dressed." Sergeant Lansford
tells the men.

"If I told you we were going to come back here after dinner and play some
more would you want to participate or go home?"

"I'll stay with you guys... can I spend the night?" Sean asks.

"Yes, Kevin will find you a room. But we don't have locks on the doors, AND
we have a rule here: you can't ever say no to me or any of us in this
house."

Another chapter coming soon....

---

Untitled (Chapter 16)

Date: Wed, 17 Sep 2025 14:46:25 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 44

Kevin Jones New Orders 44


Day 24	0500 Hours



The two men in Apartment 14 slept very well. Tom slept with his left arm
over Kevin's chest and when he wakes up he slowly slides his fingers over
Kevin's chest and arms and when he doesn't get a reaction, he does it again
and then tweaks his right nipple. Still nothing. Tweaks again a little
harder. Kevin doesn't move except for his mouth. "You can keep doing that
all day if you want."

Tom stretches his neck over to the same nipple and begins to suck on
it. Kevin still doesn't move... until he gently grabs Tom's left hand and
pulls it under the covers and places said hand on his roaring hard
dick. "Is this what you're looking for?"

"Why, yes, it is." Tom lifts his body over Kevin and leans down to kiss him
fully. The kiss continues for another 40 seconds and then Tom rolls back
off.

"What? Bad breath?" Kevin asks

"Nope. I just want to look at you for a few minutes. You're so fucking
sexy. I'm just calculating my next move." Tom Tells Kevin.

"Well... good morning Sir. I'm so excited that my boyfriend is a
Sergeant. That's pretty crazy." Kevin says without sitting up.

"What's crazy is that we both got promoted at the same time. Don't you
think?" Tom asks.

"I think that I need coffee before I can answer you." Kevin speaks slowly,
"My brain isn't fully engaged, yet."

"Coming right up, Private!" Tom says and he walks out the door of Apartment
14, naked and flying at half-mast. But `half-mast is pretty impressive when
you're parading 10.5 inches.' Kevin thinks to himself.

Tom runs UP to see if Zelsky is awake, tapping ever so lightly on the
door. The door opens quickly and there stands a naked Zelsky. "Good morning
Sergeant," Tom greets him. "I'm grabbing some coffee downstairs and thought
you might like a cup."

"I would love a cup... " Zelsky tells Tom as he looks around the room for
his pants. "Oh shit, I guess I don't need pants here, do I?"

"Then you might like to come to our room for your first cup." Tom invites.

"Based on last night, I think I should probably ask `First Cup of What?"
Zelsky jokes.

"Well, follow me, we'll grab some coffees and then we'll go ask your
personal Ambassador that question." Tom Smiles smirking. Both men get to
the stairs and head for the large coffee urn. They're not the first to get
there. Private Owen West and Private Noah Peltski are both filling their
cups. Both men blinded by the big man and his big penis.

"Good morning Sergeant," Owen says, "Good morning Tom. That was awesome
last night. I love trying new things."

Zelsky nudges Owen, possibly accidentally as the Coffee bar service area is
so small. But Owen is hoping it wasn't a mistake. "Good morning, Owen,"
Zelsky said in his deep voice. "Yeah, I felt the same way. Trying new
things with new friends is very hot." Zelsky tells Owen and Tom,
simultaneously.

Noah is stunned. `There must have been a party and I wasn't invited,' he
thinks. "Hey Tom, Noah whispers to Tom. Did you guys have a party last
night?"

Tom responds, "Yeah, we were in the shower and Owen walked in and joined
us." Tom figures that Noah is feeling excluded.  "Not a big deal, Noah. You
didn't fuck up."

Noah: "Thanks Tom. I appreciate that.

Tom asks Zelsky if he takes anything in his coffee. "Just Black' Zelsky
tells him.  Tom: "Figures" Zelsky: "what's that mean?"  Tom: "It means that
all the REAL Army guys drink their coffee Black."  Zelsky: Laughs "Yup."

"Let's head upstairs" Tom tells Zelsky. The Big man trails behind Tom,
who's carrying two cups with Milk and Splenda.

"Oh, Thank you.... Good morning Sir. Didn't expect you." Kevin is
surprised.

"Tom invited me for the morning coffee celebration."

"Actually, he asked `based on last night I should probably ask `First cup
of what'? And I told him to ask YOU that question." Tom conveys.

"Sir, I'm always up for a cup o sergeant piss. Kevin states excitedly.

"You sure you don't want to finish your coffee, first?" Zelsky asks. "And
maybe we should do this in the shower."

"Sir, have a seat on the bed. I promise you that I'm not gonna spill a
drop." Kevin says, looking into Zelsky's face.

Tom sits down on the chair. He decides that he's just gonna watch for a
bit.

Kevin sits on the carpeted floor and pushes Zelsky's knees apart so that he
can get to the big Sergeant's cock. He puts his mouth on the cock head and
begins to suck it, not really knowing which kind of liquid might shoot out
of the big dick.

Meanwhile, Owen decided that he didn't want to be left out of any potential
fun, so he decided that he would slyly walk up to Apartment 14 to see if
there was any action. He was a bit surprised and realized immediately that
he needed to service Tom. After all, Tom was the inadvertent cuck, just
stroking his own dick, not jacking hard, just keeping occupied while he
watched Kevin drink from Zelsky's tap. Owen, instantly turned on, speaks to
Zelsky. "Is he drinking your piss?

"He sure is. First morning load." Zelsky replies.

Owen says, "that's so hot... How about you Tom? You got a first morning
load that needs a good mouth?" Tom nods and sits back in the chair. "You
have such gorgeous junk. I wanna just lick your balls for a couple of
minutes first... is that okay?  Tom nods and smiles. Owen attempts to get
one of Tom's testicles into his mouth, not really appreciating how large
Tom's nuts actually are. As Owen's tongue starts to hover around Tom's
nutsac, Tom reached out and pulls Owen's face closer.

"That's so good, Owen, Very nice.... But right now I have to piss in your
mouth. Tom manipulate his long cock halfway into Owen's happy mouth and
lets loose. "See, I wasn't kidding. That's a whole lot of morning piss for
you, Owen. You like that? Taste good?" Tom asks. Owen's tongue is busy but
he can nod. Owen nods.

Kevin finished swallowing all of the Zelsky piss and went right into
sucking his very large cock without taking a break. Tom observed Kevin
performing his Ambassadorial duty, knowing how delighted Kevin is to be
sucking Zelsky's cock. Owen was pretty satisfied with his own project,
hoping that he could drag it out for a little while. Neither Tom nor Zelsky
were looking to hurry, though Tom did realize there were some impending
things, such as the protein bar, the run. And the meeting with the First
Sergeant in his office. "How's he doing over there?" Tom asks Zelsky.

"Temperature is going up. So are my balls. I'm gonna be feeding him some
baby juice pretty soon." Zelsky's description makes Tom Laugh out loud.

"You know Owen, I'm gonna jack this out. You just sit right there and open
your pretty mouth. Actually, Owen, lick my taint for a minute and don't
stop 'til I tell you." Owen started licking under his balls, a couple of
big licks hit Tom's bung hole which pushed him over the edge. "Okay, open
your mouth...aaawwww oohhh FUCK, take that spooge. Get it all. Lick that
shit off my fingers. Good boy. Look, there's some on your face." Tom moves
the white goo into Owens mouth with his thumbs and then he leans over and
kisses him. Zelsky starts to blow and Kevin struggles a little with how
much cum is being forced into his mouth, while his head is pushed further
than ever onto Zelsky's big sword. As he withdraws his cock from Kevin's
mouth slowly, Kevin cleans the entire shaft.

"Guys, we gotta get to the shower. We gonna do the run? Tom asks.

Kevin says yes, Zelsky says "I'm in." Owen tells Tom that he has to go take
care of his roaring hard on. Tom tells him that they'll take care of it
later this afternoon. "Come shower with us."

Tom texts First Sergeant Brown "When do you want us in your office?"

Sergeant responds: 0830 Tom text: "ok"

As the four men head down to the showers, Tom veers off to Anton's office
to tell him about the 0830 meeting. "Oh fuck, it's always something, isn't
it? What this time?" Anton asks.

"I guess we'll have to go find out. I'm gonna hit the shower." Tom tells
him.

"Gentlemen, The First Sergeant wants to meet with us at 0830. I just told
Anton. Are we gonna have time to go for a run?"

"I'd sure like to, Zelsky says." Kevin and Owen also want to go for the
run.

"I don't believe that we'll have time for a workout however." Tom reasons
"We should grab a protein drink."

"I've already had my protein drink. I think I'm full." Kevin announces. Tom
and Owen both chuckle. When they hit the bar, however, it becomes clear
that Kevin isn't really joking. Between Zelsky's piss load and cum load,
Kevin feels pretty 'sloshy' in his stomach, he explains to Tom.

"Do you have running gear?" Tom asks Zelsky. "I'm thinking Anton might have
some shorts that will fit if you don't."

"I'm good. I'll see you out in front in like 12 minutes." Zelsky tells Tom.

Kevin and Tom run upstairs to get some clothes on. Tom puts his arm around
Kevin and tells him. "When I went up to Zelsky's room I went there to see
if he wanted a coffee. But this guy is made of pure masculinity, isn't he?
I hadn't thought about sex.. I mean, with him. I had thought about sex with
you." Tom wraps his hands around Kevin's face and kisses him.

"I didn't do anything wrong did I?" Kevin asks Tom.

"No, I kind of did. When he asked me about first cup of what, I said, maybe
he should ask you because you're his Ambassador." Tom recounts. "Zelsky
clearly was looking to be serviced this morning. I hope you didn't mind
that I sat there and watched... did that bother you?

"No, you know, it's weird," Kevin says as the two men get dressed for the
morning run. "I love fucking around with all these guys, but you being
there makes me feel better about it, because I'm not hiding anything from
my boyfriend. I also feel a little bit proud, like I'm performing for
you. Don't get me wrong, I love sex with all these guys, especially Zelsky,
but it's so great when you're there with me. And, Tom, I really love sex
with you. I love that you're as kinky as I am."

"I feel the same, Kevin." Tom says. "I also feel that we started on this
together, ya know? You definitely push me forward. Like last night. That
was so great."

"Okay, I have to ask you, do you want me to call you Sir?" Kevin says.

"Look... you know Tyrone. Do you call him Tyrone in front of other guys?
No, you don't. You call him Sir when you're talking to him in front of
anyone else. It's the same with me. It's not about ME. It's about the
position of Sergeant in the Army. And, yes, I expect you to respect my
rank. But when we're totally alone, you're my hot, sexy boyfriend and then
I'm not your SIR... except when I'm your Dom... then I'm your sir,
also. But I'm gonna address you as Sir when you're my Dom... understand?

"Probly it's gonna take some time to get used to. But, last night you were
really Dom and very demanding and I loved it. I was serving two Sirs,"
Kevin states.

Tom realizes that he can't wait for Owen to go running. Owen doesn't have a
meeting in Sergeant Brown's office at 0830. But they do. Tom taps the Owen
dial button on his mobile phone "hey buddy, we are going to get to a
meeting in the first sergeant's office pretty quickly. So, we're just gonna
have to catch up with you later in the day. Have a good run. OK, you too."

Kevin and Tom finish dressing for the run and meet Sergeant Zelsky in
front. It's a little brisk outside and they guys don't just want to hang
out...they want to be moving. So, they do a couple of stretches and then
start their morning run, not waiting for the larger group of men of the
unit. They just go. Zelsky has always been a renegade, which is likely why
he's so dominant. It's a good lesson for Tom, who's generally always fit
in. Tom even now takes Zelsky's lead. But he realizes that he needs step it
up to be able to be his own man.

"That was pretty fun for me last night guys." Zelsky shares.  "I'm really
glad to participate in something new. Opens the brain. And Tom, I've had
lots of fun with Kevin before and will again, but I appreciated your taking
the lead last night. I mean, you took a few risks and I wound up feeling a
closer connection with you. I'm a man with very few friends, guys, `cause
I'm such a loner. But I'm happy that you're both in my posse."

There it was. Zelsky complimenting Tom for his ability to act. Tom realized
that stepping up in any situation is better than just being the observer
he'd always been. He was happy to hear Zelsky's words. Proud to have Zelsky
as someone who considered him a friend, but also that he wouldn't be in
that position if not for his buddy, Kevin. Kevin has inspired him to step
up on so many occasions, even if he'd known Kevin for such a short time.

"We're going to meet in the First Sergeant's office at 0830." Tom speaks to
both men "I told Anton about the meeting, but it felt to me that he was
somewhat reticent.  I don't believe that he knows what's going on but it
feels like he might not be excited about this change."

"Or maybe it's exactly what he needs." Kevin posited. "He's been off since
he got back from San Francisco when he kind of got abused."

"Abuse is in the eye of the beholder, Kevin." Zelsky says as the three
continue to run. "You know, sometimes getting fucked feels like an awful
punishment and with other's it's a wonderful reward. Depends on a lot of
factors. I mean, you remember when I paddled your ass at your party. As far
as I was concerned it was a reward. And you took it that way... But the
exact same thing could have been taken by someone else as cruel and
inhuman, when I loved it and you loved it. Perhaps we need to figure out
what's going on in Anton's head.

"I think maybe we have a jealousy thing on our hands. Anton's a
romantic. Maybe he sees our relationship as excluding him." Tom speculates.

"If that's the case, you two just need to put your arms around him and let
him know that you give a shit." Zelsky observes. "But you'll see something
about his head space in this morning's meeting, I suspect."

"Agreed." Tom says. "I have a question... what spurred our promotions,
including the First Sergeant, right now? What happened?

"Nothing happened. There was no event. But the Army keeps tabs on certain
metrics in all parts of its organization. It's not like the old days. They
have computers and reviews and grades." Zelsky fills them in. "But they are
anticipating that the Colonel that runs the base will retire out soon so
they look around and see that Brown would make a good replacement. But he's
a sergeant, he can't be an officer until he goes through Officer Training
School. So, when Tyrone was approached, he had to start to calculate his
recommendation for succession. He asked me to advise him and to help smooth
the way at Army headquarters to move this through the system."

"Well, Sir. Thank you for your trust." Kevin says. And Tom agrees.

"You know, and this might sound like garbage, but playing with you two last
night was evidence of my trust in you." The visiting Sergeant tells them,
"I've never ever let anyone do the things you guys did to me last
night. And guys... I'm up for more."

"Thanks for that." Tom says confidently. "Would you be okay if we included
Anton next time?"

"I'm good with that. Are you talking about the four of us? `Cause I
certainly would like to include Owen too." Zelsky shares.

"And we have a couple of twin slave boys that we picked up at the Dore
Alley Street Fair too." Kevin shares. "They'd love to be of service."

Zelsky changes his facial expression to SURPRISE. "What? You haven't told
me about them. What's up with them?"

"They are Mormon kids that got kicked out of their family's home by their
dad `cause he hates fags. These boys are very cute and literally drawn like
moths to the flame. And they just want to serve us." Kevin explains.

"And they're talented little workers. So we're going to help them start
their own business, like for handymen, or something along those lines. But
in the meantime, they can't get enough cock because they were never allowed
to." Tom further explains.

"Okay... I see. You'll have to fill me in later. But," as they arrive back
at the House "right now I'm going to shower and change. Let me know when
you're headed over to the First Sergeant's office. I'll probably walk over
with you." Zelsky says.

The three men meet in front, only after Tom stops by to prod Anton into
getting a move on. "We're walking over to the First Sergeant's office
now. We'll see you over there." Tom knew he would want to get dressed for
the meeting so it's a good thing Tom reminded him.

As they begin their walk over, Tom asks if "... Anton knows anything about
all of this?"

Zelsky: "I don't know how he would have heard about it. I doubt that he
knows. But it wouldn't change anything if he does know."

Tom goes in to see that his desk is all in order and that there are no
surprises. He picks up the phone and presses the intercom. "Good Morning,
Sir, Zelsky, Jones and Lansford are here for your 0830 meeting."

"Where's Anton?" The Sergeant asks, raising his voice.

"I don't know. I did inform him, and reminded him again this morning. But
we're 3 minutes early, he'll likely be here, Sir."

"Well, come on in and have a seat." The Sergeant invites the three men in
to his office."

Tap, Tap, Tom signals on the door as he holds the door open as he walks
through it. "Have you had any coffee this morning, Sir?" Tom inquires

"I have not." The Sergeant responded.

Tom: "Anyone else need coffee?

"Yes," was the response from the two other Attendees.

"Tom! Think about this for a moment, don't you get it? You're no longer a
Corporal... you don't need to fetch coffee."

"Actually, Sir, I appreciate the advice, but I will be attending to your
needs until such time as you leave this office. I'm sure you will be
teaching me how to fill your chair, but I can't complete that mission while
you are sitting in it. While I'm certain that you will always be my
superior, Sir, I will always seek to assist you, even if it's just getting
you coffee." Tom declares firmly.

Tyrone, remaining seated, looks over at Zelsky and says "I think I've been
put in my place."

Zelsky, laughing, says, "yes, I think you're right." And all four of these
men are laughing just as Anton appears at the already open door looking a
little glum.

Tom brings over an additional chair for Anton. And then begins to prepare
the coffee cups with powdered creamer, Splenda, sugar, or whatever the men
like in their coffee, because Tom remembers details like how they take
their coffee. As Tom places the correct coffee combination in front of each
man, Zelsky says "How do you remember all that?"

"It's just like remembering names, Sergeant. But I'm much more likely to
remember the names of the men that are important to me... and everyone here
is important to me." Tom shares quietly, mostly directed to Zelsky.

"Gentlemen, I'm turning this over to Sergeant Zelsky. He's been working
with me on a project that you need to know about... Sergeant.

"Tom, Anton, Kevin..." Zelsky speaks deliberately slowly. "Each of you are
being promoted in the Army. The reason for this is that the First Sergeant
will be leaving shortly to attend Officer Training School at Fort Benning,
so that he can be advanced as an officer and appointed to a new
position. But training has to happen for whomever replaces him and so on
down the chain. You, gentlemen, are the chain. Please Stand." The three men
stand in front of their chairs. "Corporal Tom Lansford, you are today
promoted to the position of Sergeant Thomas Lansford; Private First Class
William Anton, you are today promoted as Corporal William Anton; Private
Kevin Jones your New Orders are as Private First Class Kevin Jones." Zelsky
salutes and then shakes the hands of each of the men.

"During this change over process you will each be coached by your
predecessors. Tom will be coached by the First Sergeant, Anton by Sergeant
Lansford and Kevin by Corporal Anton and Sergeant Lansford. We only have a
few weeks to get everything moving. While I'm confident that you all are
very capable of implementing these changes, I want you to sit with Sergeant
Brown and me for a couple of days' worth of discussion about what needs to
take place. In that context, I'd like for each of you to keep a notebook
about questions that you think of, specifically what you think you need to
know to fulfill this new job. And then, all the specific Elements that
needs to be handled. You know, the minutiae that might not be obvious. "

"I'll be here until Sunday. But I'll be back fairly often because I'm in
charge of this transition. " Zelsky tells them.

"If I may ask, Sergeant, You're based on the other side of the country, why
would they task you to oversee this?" Anton asks.

"Well, they see me as being a `friend of the court' for this Intel
project. The brass sees me as having full access to the members. But, they
don't know what the project does. You see... They see this unit as kind of
an egg, and while they can see the egg, they hear that it's an important
egg and there are several men who've vouched for it, they cannot see what's
inside the egg. This is how the First Sergeant designed this unit to be
protected. I helped my friend implement this egg. They know that and now,
having me involved assures that it won't go off the rails.

"Wow," says Anton. "Wow" says Tom.

"Why us?" Kevin asked, looking deep into Zelsky's eyes.

"See, this is what I was talking about?" The First Sergeant says to
Zelsky. "These guys are very inquisitive."

"To be honest, men..." Zelsky explains, "Tyrone told me about the request
they sent to him about their interest in promoting him, on the morning
after Kevin's Birthday Party and I had been planning to stay at his
house.... Anyway he asked me to lunch away from the office and we talked
about putting the succession plan together and together we started
reviewing personnel. This is not an operation that can easily recruit
outsiders. You were all at the top of our list. We realized that you three
quickly figured out how to put a plan together and then manage every step
together, even inviting Tyrone to your planning meetings. We realized that
you were accomplishing the very skills we were looking for... and you did
it with record breaking speed and enthusiasm. And wildly, Kevin was
managing his own surprise party in effect. And literally all of the men
were up for participating. It might have been for a party, but you
organized it very much like an ad hoc military campaign. We, admittedly,
had a lot of fun, but also we were impressed.

"You know, Kevin..." Sergeant Brown interjects, "I noticed how much the
attitude in the House changed when you showed up. It was like a light bulb
went on. All the men wanted to know you from the first day. Anton and I
talked about it. But we kept our eye on you and I'm glad we did."

"When do we announce this change to the men?" Tom wonders.

"We're prepared to look at that once we are sure that you are all going in
the same direction as we've just laid out." Zelsky answers. "We're ready
when you are."

Sergeant Brown, polls each of the three men: "You accept your new
assignment, Tom?  "I do, yes." Tom answers.  You, Kevin?"  "Certainly,
thank you Sir." Kevin answers.  "How about you, Anton? Brown asks.  "I
believe that I am. Can I ask the Sergeant a question?" Anton replies "Of
course." Brown tells him.

Anton: "Sergeant Zelsky, since you'll be overseeing this... how do you see
this working?"

Zelsky: After pausing for a moment, "Good question. I don't see it being
too much different from what it is now, with the exception that you'll each
have a new set of responsibilities. Tom will be your new boss. He will ask
for different things than Sergeant Brown may have required. Tom, was, after
all the immediate predecessor in your new position. And he may want to
implement a new procedure here or there. So, I can't give you a complete
answer. But, for the most part, you three have had a tremendous influence
over the operations of the House these past couple of months. And, you've
done a great job. Now we're giving you the reigns to run it. I will act as
your guard rails, really, just there to answer questions and keep you on
track. But, be clear, we expect you three to continue to play well in this
sandbox together. However, this will be Sergeant Lansford's show. Just as
it's been Sergeant Brown's show up to this point. He has our faith, as do
you all.

"So if I have a problem, I can come to you?" Anton questions.

"No. Would you have ever come to me because you didn't like something the
First Sergeant would direct you to do? You wouldn't. Though I will be here
from time to time, over the first few months and we can discuss any snags
that occur in terms of programs, procedures or policy when I'm here. Are
you good with that, Tom?" Asks Zelsky.

"Certainly." Sergeant Lansford states.

"Can I ask you a question, Anton?" Sergeant Brown asks. "Do you recognize
that you're being given a promotion here?

"I do. I'll be fine with the new arrangement. I guess that I'm not used to
being stuck to a desk is all." Anton says.

"So, we should gather the troops for the announcement of these changes."
Sergeant Brown tells the men. "But I don't want to discuss my future
because we can't undercut our Colonel. We only told you men so that you'd
understand why this was happening, Capish? They all agree by mumbling and
nodding.

"So, Corporal Anton... Let's meet back here is Sergeant Brown's
office. Let's say 1000 hours. Gather the men." Zelsky orders them, before
dismissing them.

"That'll make them think. I don't remember ever gathering all of the men in
the unit here. Typically, we go to the House. They'll be more than curious
to find out what's going on." Lansford speculates.  "I have a
question. Where will you like me to be? I'm thinking that Anton will want
to sit at my desk pretty quickly. And you may need some privacy to do your
business in here."

"Where do you think you should be? Tyrone asks Tom.

"I need to be in proximity to you most of the time, when I'm not training
Anton. I think I can just sit opposite you at your desk and I'll get up and
leave if you need privacy." Tom says. "But it's sure going to feel odd
being in this office when you aren't here. It's going to take some getting
used to."

___________________________

"Are you excited?" Kevin asks Anton as they walk back over to the House.

"Yeah, I'm pleased to be recognized. I don't know that I can say that I'm
excited." Anton comments. "Advancement is probably difficult in my
position. It's very seldom that we get promoted to something terribly
exciting. I'm kind of limited in what they could do with me."

"I'm not sure I agree. Look at how much you get to do." Kevin tells
Anton. "You got to go to Dore Alley. You took me with you. You even got to
go off with our First Sergeant to play around. And me too. I'm hoping that
we get to go to the Folsom Fair. And we'll still get to go with our new
Sergeant. At least, he told me that he wants to go with us. I'll ask him
again. And I think Zelsky wants to go too. Most Army guys don't get to do
that kind of stuff."

"You're completely right, of course. I think that I got a little put off by
that Lieutenant Colonel who ambushed me and I wound up feeling very
vulnerable, and not in a good way."

"Oh... well, that's the guy that bashed your balls?" Kevin asks.

"Yeah, but it wasn't that really, it's that he ambushed me with a group of
kinksters that I had no connection with. He just used my body to entertain
them. I'm good with a guy when I can have a connection, including getting
abused, but, this time I wound up feeling very isolated and vulnerable."
Anton explains. "I think I got lost in a dark place. I'm gonna be
okay. Even just talking with you makes me feel better. And, by the way,
Kevin. I'm really proud of you. You've done well."

"Do you think that my promotion will be seen as a good thing or are the
guys going to be envious?" Kevin asks Anton.

"I think both. Look, you were referred to us by Sergeant Zelsky. He's your
advocate. Nobody else can compete with that kind of support. I bet that
there are some who can put two and two together. Do you care if they do? I
don't think anybody's going to give a crap. He's sensational and you're
sensational. You're both sexy as well. Nobody is going to begrudge your
success. I promise. And nobody's going to question Zelsky... or Brown. Nor
will they question my success or Tom's. Kevin, we just need to take care of
business."

"Did you and Sergeant Brown ever get to talk about the Birthday Parties?"
Kevin asks.

"Well, there are several guys who have said they'd like to have a birthday
party like mine. Tyrone had suggested that we leave the theme of the party
up to the Birthday Boy. So, it might not get old." Kevin shares. "I'm all
for it.

As soon as Kevin and Anton reached the House, Anton walked into the office
and made an announcement over the intercom system. "There will be a
mandatory gathering in First Sergeant Brown's office at 10-hundred
hours. That is less than one hour from now. So, Get Dressed and Be on
time. Again, you will attend a meeting at 10-hundred hours in Sergeant
Brown's office."

"I'm going to walk around to all the apartments and rooms and make sure
everybody got the message." Private Jones tells Anton. "And then I'll head
over to the gym and see if anybody's over there that couldn't hear the
announcement."

"Good Thought, Private... First Class" Anton said. And smiled.

Kevin walked the 3 levels of apartments, finding only Owen, Tim and Anthony
and they all had heard Anton's message. Next, Kevin walked over to the Big
Weight stack Gym and found a few more members of the House, including Greg
Miller and informed them all of the meeting in the First Sergeant's office
at 10-hundred hours.

Kevin, stopped back by the House to collect Anton if he wanted to walk over
together to Sergeant Brown's office. "Anton, I don't know why but I don't
feel like taking this walk alone today. Want to keep me company?

"Yeah... I understand. I'm still processing it all, so, yeah, I'd like to
walk with you." Anton shares.

"I'm glad that Sergeant Brown got to know you. It's kind of great that you
were introduced by Zelsky. I'm sure that helps." Anton observes. "It's
difficult to get new recruits into our group. You were such a great
addition to the Unit."

I think, Anton that we should figure out how to work more closely together,
you and me. I'm definitely going to need your help. And maybe I can help
you."

Anton: "If you're offering me blow jobs, you can help me anytime."

"That's not what I meant, but sure. I love sucking your big cock." Kevin
answers quietly.

When they walk into the Sergeant's office, maybe 10 minutes early, Kevin
peaks into the inner office where Tom is sitting across from Tyrone. "Do
you want us to wait out here? Kevin asks.

"For a few minutes, perhaps," Sergeant Zelsky tells them. "I want all the
men to enter at once. Somebody needs to meet them as they enter and then
we'll invite them in. Tom, these guys think of you as Corporal. Sit at the
desk and listen to what they have to say. And then call Sergeant Brown to
announce that the men are gathered. And then you follow the men in. Kevin
you'll come stand in front, by the desk, then Anton. Your promotions will
be announced first and then Tom will be called to the front. Sergeant Brown
will announce Kevin and Anton's promotions. I will announce Tom's. Then Tom
will call upon Sergeant Brown to explain what's happening with him.

Will you ask for questions?" Kevin asked.

"That's not typically what happens in these instances, but If you would
like, we could. What do you think Sergeant Lansford?" Zelsky asks.

"Actually, I think it might be good." Tom replies. "I'd like to hear their
impressions."

"We are just a few minutes from starting this meeting... Tom, you guys
should go out. Close the doors behind you." Zelsky tells them.

All the men of the House start to come in. They're told to wait until
everyone is here. Two of the men are out on assignment. When they are all
in the room Tom picks up the phone and presses the intercom. "Sergeant
Brown, the men are all here in the lobby for your meeting." Tom says.

"Very well, send them in." Brown tells him.

The doors open and the men, very unsure of what's about to happen, enter
the First Sergeant's office. They are standing in a couple of sloppy lines,
and nobody says anything to make them stand in proper formation. No Drill
Sergeant present. Sergeant Brown is almost embarrassed, but he says
nothing.

Zelsky speaks Loudly and firmly. "Look sharp gentlemen. Do you not remember
how to stand at attention?" The men very quickly find their place in two
lines and stand at attention. Even if they are all attracted to Zelsky he
can be very imposing. And perhaps even because he is their ideal of the
Dominating Army Sergeant that they all look to serve, they line up at
attention in an attempt to impress him. "We all know this is not your
typical kind of Army Unit, but we are still soldiers FIRST and you must be
prepared as such. Is That Clear?" Zelsky speaks loudly in his baritone
voice.

"YES SERGEANT" the men respond.

"Good to know... we are gathered to discuss the future," Zelsky tells the
troops, in a much calmer voice. "First Sergeant Tyrone Brown, please
begin."

Sergeant Brown starts speaking in a louder voice than is typical. "We have
three promotions to inform you of this morning. First, Private Kevin Jones
has been promoted to Private First Class." Nobody says a word. "Gentlemen,
at ease. Congratulations Private Jones... Private William Anton is being
promoted to Corporal. I suspect that at least a few of you didn't know his
first name before right now... To spell this out, gentlemen, Kevin replaces
Anton at the House and Anton replaces Tom Lansford as the Sergeant's
assistant and right-hand man. I will turn this over to Sergeant Zelsky."

"It is my pleasure to present to you your new Sergeant, Sergeant Thomas
Lansford. Sergeant Brown will be leaving us in a few weeks to go into
Officer Training Class, so that he can proceed onto being an officer. He
will remain here training Sergeant Lansford during that time. This may come
as a bit of a shock, but it's really not so much different than it's
been. This unit, as of today, will be completely under the direction of
Sergeant Lansford." Zelsky states. "Typically we don't ask for questions
for announcements such as these, but we have decided to ask you if you have
any questions or comments."

Private Owen West raises his hand and says, "I'd like to offer my
congratulations to all of these men. I love serving in this unit and I
expect that I will continue to."

The group responds very positively to Private West's comments, with some
"yeahs, and nods."

"I have a question," says Private Greg Miller. "How will the management of
the unit and the House be different?"

"Can I answer that, Sergeant?" Tom says to Zelsky. Zelsky nods. "I don't
think it's going to be very different. Private Jones and Corporal Anton and
I have a pretty tight working relationship, though not always in
agreement. We listen to each other. We reason things out. And that's pretty
much how we will continue to do it. I would add that we're likely to listen
to you about your experiences and needs perhaps a little more, but for the
most part it's business as usual. We will continue with the same
mission. Four points: I will like to see us being more open in meetings. We
might discuss your experiences more with all of the other men. Two, I'd
like to see the food thing improve, and we'll discuss that. And third, I'm
planning on continuing to live in the House if you won't feel that I'm
imposing. We are, after all, a hospitality unit as well as an Intelligence
Unit. Four, after I get settled in this new job I'd like to take a few
minutes to visit with each of you individually."

Private Sebastian Carter interjects. "I'd like to thank Sergeant Brown for
starting this unit. It's great. I realize how useful the intelligence can
be and it's fun as shit. So, Sergeant, best of luck to you."

"Tom quickly interjects sharply, "Hey, Private... watch your fuckin
language!"  All the men chuckle loudly. So do Zelsky and Brown.

When the frivolity settles, Kevin says, "And guys, my door is always open
to you." Anton says, "Yeah, me too."

Private Noah Peltski says:" If I'm out of line for saying this, I'm
sorry. But I hope we all get to party with you, Sergeant Brown , before you
leave, Sir! Maybe Kevin can have another Birthday Party" There was dead
silence for a couple seconds before Private Reynolds said, "me too sir!"
Once again, all the men laughed out loud.

"Okay Men, I'm glad you are all happy about this announcement." Zelsky
tells the men. "I expect you to respect your new leadership. I will be here
often during the transition to make sure that this goes smoothly. I don't
think that I have to remind you men how very lucky you all are to be able
to participate in such an unusual unit. This is a great thing we have going
here and if everyone performs as directed, it's important to the Army as
well.  Dismissed!"

Everyone leaves, except for the men of the hour. "So, Anton, do you have
dinner plans?" Zelsky asks. Anton shakes his head no. "Let's all go to an
early dinner at Sergeant Brown's house. Tom, can we get some food brought
in?"

"Oh yeah." Tom tells Zelsky. "Let me see what I can make happen. "How
extensive is the guest list?"

Zelsky looks for some confirmation from Sergeant Brown. "Let's just say 10
to be safe."

"Do we have a list? I think we need to know who you plan to invite so that
we don't inadvertently invite everyone. It would seem that everyone is kind
of revved up. I'm not sure how we exclude a bunch of guys. And they'll
surely find out when they hear anyone talking." Tom points out.


"What if we just have another birthday party at the House?" Kevin
suggests. "We bring in some food and whatever happens, happens."

"That's a pretty great idea" Anton adds. "We don't need to have balloons to
state that it's a party. All we really need to do is hang the sling,
hahaha..."

Tom tells them, "Guys, I really don't want to set a tone of division
between the men on my first day as Sergeant. I think all the guys need to
be on the guest list. Plus there are 4 guys that should be invited
additionally: Devin, the delivery guy, who's very cute, the Twins who are
at the house anyway, and Private Sean Covin, who I think wants to join our
Unit.

"Can you put this together for dinner around 1800 hours?" Zelsky asks, "And
is this okay with you, Tyrone? I didn't mean to slight your dinner
invitation."

"No, Sergeant," Tyrone tells Zelsky, "This is actually Sergeant Tom
Lansford's decision to make."

"I say, let's go for it" The newest Sergeant tells the others. "Anton,
let's phone Devin, We can order some chicken but I'll bet we could get him
to pick up a couple of other things along the way if we ask nice. You know,
Pizza and some snacks. And by nice, I mean invite him to join us for the
party.... Kevin, I want you to announce that we're hosting a dinner this
evening at the house at 1800 hours...and tell Noah and Owen and the twins
that we're gonna party after dinner. But don't be too specific. Let it just
that percolate through the house."

Tom pulls his phone out and calls Private Covin. "Hi Sean... you have
dinner plans tonight? Okay, good. I'm inviting you to join the gang here
for dinner at 1800 hours. No, it's not a sit down dinner. It's more like a
party... well, I don't know if anybody here will be naked, would it be a
problem for you if they were? Okay then, see you at 1800 hours. I'll
introduce you to some of the guys. If you want to come a little bit early,
that's okay too. I know you finish up about 5. You can hang out here. By
the way, I need a car. Do you have one? A jeep, yeah, that's great. Oh
thanks."

"I'm going to go buy some beer and seltzer and cokes and bottles of
water. Any of you need anything? Do you need anything Sergeant Brown?" He
shakes his head no. "Zelsky, you want to go for a drive with me? Sean, from
the motor pool, is delivering a jeep for me."

"Sure. How long will we be gone" Zelsky asks.

"Maybe 90 minutes." Tom tells him.

"Private Sean Covin will be pulling up in front in a moment and we'll drop
him by the Motor Pool." Tom tells Zelsky. "Here he is."

Sean pulls up and salutes Zelsky. Tom introduces them. "Thank you, Corporal
Lansford" Sean says as the men are climbing into the Jeep. Tom starts the
car and starts driving.

"Actually, Private," Zelsky points out, "This is Sergeant Lansford."

"Oh, Sorry Sir. You didn't tell me that." Sean defends himself.

"I became a Sergeant just yesterday, Private, and I don't have my chevron
stitched on yet." Tom replies.

"Is that why the dinner this evening?" Sean asks.

"Yeah, me and two others were promoted..  It was announced this
morning. Have you met Kevin or Anton?" Tom explains.

"I know Anton for sure. But you're the one who I talk to. " Sean says. "I'm
honored to be invited."

"Sean, can I return this Jeep tomorrow morning?" Tom asks.

"Sure, I left it open for you.  See you around 5." Sean jumps out without
opening the door.

"Hot guy," Zelsky offers. "Is he the guy you were telling Tyrone about?"

"Yup. But he needs a trial by fire and I think he's going to totally get it
tonight." Kevin answers.

"Okay, I hope you're right." Zelsky tells him.

When the two sergeants arrive at the store, Zelsky says, " you want me to
grab anything else?

"Yeah, go get a variety of potato chips, and Fritos. And then see if you
can find a couple tubs of Jalapeno dip."

Zelsky dumps them into the basket. "You want any other kind of alcohol?"
Tom: "Nope, we can only buy beer in Utah."  Zelsky: "need ice?"  Tom: "only
1 bag" Zelsky: "why only 1 bag" Tom: "because warm beer flows more easily"
Zelsky: "Ohhhhhh. Okay, I get it.

"You know, when I was drinking beer at Kevin's party I just figured someone
forgot to ice the beer. But I get it now..."

"Do you think everyone will participate?" Zelsky asks.

"Even if they don't think about it, they're all gonna have to pee about the
same time, which wouldn't be the case if the beer was ice cold." Lansford
says. "I think we're gonna have fun tonight. Which is only happening
because Kevin introduce the House to some leather fun... They guys are
always asking about having more parties like Kevin's Birthday Party... so I
think they're expecting something."

"I'm looking forward to it." Zelsky says.

"Would you do me a favor? Make sure that Tyrone attends. I could see him
hiding out at home. I think he needs this." Tom requests.

"I think you're likely right. He might be slightly depressed having to
leave the unit. I mean this is his baby. " Zelsky observes.

"Agreed. And we need for him to get the full response of how much we all
appreciate him." Sergeant Lansford agrees.

Zelsky doesn't wait. He grabs his mobile phone and calls Sergeant Brown
directly. "Hey, Zelsky here. You want me to come by and get you for
tonight's deal? You might want to bunk in at the House? What's your
pleasure? No. I don't accept that. You heard the guys actually state that
they want to have a chance to give you some attention. Tonight is that
chance. You wouldn't want to disappoint the men. No. Look at it this way:
You have a date with at least a dozen hot guys. This is fantasy night at
the House. I'll come by your house or your office, but you ARE coming with
me. Okay, good. I'll walk over to your office to grab you at like 1730
hours." After Zelsky hangs up he turns to Sergeant Lansford and tells him
"Done."

Tom checks with Anton as quickly as he arrives back on base. "You reach
Devin?"

"Yup, he'll pick up some other food but he can't stay for more than an
hour, but says he'll come back as soon as he gets his other deliveries out
of the way. I told him it would likely be a few hours." Anton says.

Tom: "very cool"

Anton: "Sergeant Zelsky... anything I can do for you?"

"I have a personal Ambassador. 2 Sergeants and a new Corporal all trying to
offer their help. Really, I'm good. But if I should get needy this evening
I'll be sure to let you know," Zelsky said, sporting an evil grin and
raising his eye brows.

An hour later when Devin arrived at the door of the House with multiple
packages of food. Tom offered, "Need some help?"

"Sure, I could use an extra hand." Devin tells Tom. "What's the party
about?

"We're celebrating some promotions that transpired earlier." Tom tells
Devin.

"Do I know them? Devin asked.

"Three of us. You know me and Kevin." Tom reminds Devin.

"Oh, cool. So what did you get promoted to?"

"I got named as Sergeant." Tom says.

"OH, so this is like a military dinner. I was thinking that this was gonna
be like a wild fuck party." Devin responds.

"Well, I think it probably will be. This isn't like any other Army Unit. I
mean, we're not giving directions, but when all these hot gay men want to
party, chances are there's gonna be a party."

"Oh good..." Tom opens the House door for Devin as he asks, "what time
should I get back here by?"

"As quickly as you can. But I think it might be going until late... You
know, you might want to crash here tonight, if you need to." Tom directs as
they enter the kitchen.

"Some of this food might need to be heated up before it's laid out." Devin
advises. "I'll get back as soon as I can. See you later. Be sure to leave
my name at the gate"

"Where's Kevin?" Tom asks Anton.

"He was going to find the sling to hang in the gym.... And the paddle and
some rope. I think he wants to make sure that we're all getting the
message." Anton fills Tom in..

"Sounds right... " Tom laughs

Tom runs up the stairs to Apartment 14 to find Kevin getting into his
leather shorts, "Ah getting into your sleazy leather shorts for the boys,
huh? I'm sure they'll all get the message if they see you in that. You're
going to wear your boots too, right?" Tom asks his boyfriend.

"Of course. I love wearing these." Kevin defends getting dressed up.

"I'm gonna wear my harness and arm band." Tom tells his boyfriend.

Kevin went room to room to make sure everyone was planning to join the
party, not mentioning his leather outfit, just letting them guess. It
wasn't hard to guess... Kevin was excited and he was flaunting it. Anton
decided to get dressed up too.

Most of the men wandered in a little before 1800 hours. Zeksky escorted
Sergeant into the House, but Tyrone had to release the door lock with his
thumb print. When Zelsky walked in as far as the kitchen and saw Kevin
dressed in leather shorts and those mid-calf boots, he stopped and eyed the
sexy leather sub in front of him. "My god you are so Erotic, Kevin. I've
always seen you as sexy but this is more than I imagined." Zelsky said in a
loud voice in front of all the men. "I'm always excited to see my
ambassador looking like a Greek God, but this quite the inspiration. I
don't suppose that I can restrain you into being mine alone for the
evening, but I sure hope you'll find some time to visit with me during the
evening."

The men, who were standing around the food table and grabbing a beer in the
kitchen, found themselves laughing at Zelsky's little speech. "Looking
good, Kevin," and "Hot stuff and "sexy fuck" were some to the
comments. Kevin couldn't be more pleased with the reaction. "Men, have some
dinner and for certain, drink some warm beers... "Kevin was grinning as he
said it.

Zelsky, with his baritone voice, was overheard telling Sergeant Brown, "I
just found out today that they don't ice beers intentionally and why. I
didn't know why." Tyrone grinned, with a chuckle when he got what Zelsky
was talking about.

Noah and Owen were standing around, the table, each with a beer, and
overheard Zelsky's comment to Sergeant Brown. The two men walked up to
Brown and asked for permission speak freely, "Sergeant Brown said, "Of
Course, we're at a party."

Owen, looking into Zelsky's eyes, said, "I enjoyed getting to know you in
the past few days and I'm hoping that I can entertain you this evening
again, Sir."

Zelsky asks Owen what he has in mind. "Well, Sir, really anything you'd
like, but I certainly loved being your urinal the other night, but I'll
leave it up to you."

Noah says to Sergeant Brown, "For a long time, Sir, I've fantasized about
serving you. And I know that I was out of line telling you that
earlier. But, Sir, you are such a spectacular man and I'd love it if you
would allow me to worship you, whether in private or here in front of
everyone here."

"I think that I proved at Kevin's Birthday Party that I'm not particularly
shy when I let Kevin piss on me." Brown states. "So, sure. We can go find a
place to hang out. The two men left the dining area and walked back toward
the Family room where Tyrone took his clothes off. But he Was more
aggressive with Noah and started off by putting his hands around Noah's
face and kissing him. Not too much tongue at first, but they got into
before they sat down. Tyrone took Noah's hands and placed them on his
chest. "Use your fingers, Noah" Tyrone told him. And Noah began softly
pinching his nips. "That's nice, Noah...." The two men fell back on the
couch together.

Owen asks Zelsky, "where would you like to go?

Zelsky says, "Let's get naked and find our way to the showers. I'd like to
get you wet."

Owen got completely excited. "Excellent."

Kevin witnessed the conversation from across the dining area. He was a
little disappointed but knows that he's got Tom and Zelsky for the rest of
the night. And for the next few days as well. He finds Tom to tell him
what's happening. Tom is Chatting with Sean Covin, showing him around the
house and introducing him to the men of the House along the way, Tom
attempting to make the House less overwhelming to him remains
dressed... for the moment. "Sean this is Private First-Class Kevin Jones,
who was also promoted today. He's the guy that will also run this
House. So, you'll get to know him better in any case."

"Wow, Tom, you sure were correct when you told me that all these guys are
hot. And those tight little leather shorts are awesome. I'm stunned a
little that I didn't know all these sexy guys live here. Are all these guys
single?" Sean asks.

"Ummm, yeah, nobody here is married. They're all pretty kinky, including
me."

"How kinky?" Sean inquires.

"This is a fairly hang loose party." Tom tells Sean, looking him squarely
in the eyes. I'm not at all sure what's going to happen or who's gonna want
to play, but if YOU want to find out, I would suggest that you get naked,
like everybody else will here shortly," Tom is explaining this to Sean when
a couple of very hot naked men walk by the open door. "And give up any
sense of control you think you might have. In fact, have you ever watched
guys get into piss play?"

"Only porn. I was kind of put off by it when I first watched and then I had
to watch a couple of movies over a few times. I mean, I definitely want to
know more." Sean tells the two men.

"Then take off your clothes and leave them here, you can put them on this
hook here.... Get them anytime you want to leave." Kevin tells
Sean. "You'll have fun, but know that you're not going to find a
husband... It's kind of a free for all here. But let's go down and get some
food. By the way, I told the Twins to join in if they feel like it. They
were excited."

Sean undressed slowly, not entirely sure he wasn't being pranked. He
thought that he might be set up to walk into the group of fully clothed
men, totally naked. This place was, after all, his fantasy. He loved the
idea of a house full of sex. He certainly didn't understand all of the
details, background, purpose and planning... the raw thought and risk that
went into the planning of all of this place. As far as Sean was concerned,
this was a party just to satisfy his fantasy. He didn't know what to expect
even just downstairs, so he followed Kevin and Tom downstairs to the main
level of the House. `OMG' thought Sean. `This is even better than my
fantasies.'  "You guys eat naked?" Sean spoke with a surprised look as he
stared over the rails from the second level.

"We do almost everything naked." Kevin answered. "You'll see... but most
days it's not as sexually charged as it will be tonight."

Mostly naked men, though some in military garb, just hanging out together
as though this was a normal thing. And here at the House it is. What wasn't
normal is having a kinky dinner party to celebrate the progression of the
program they are all involved with. Three men among twenty have been given
promotions and everybody involved was supportive, if not thrilled. The
three men garnering higher rank all participated in making their lives
better, they believe, and the men of the House are grateful. The only sad
note is that their First Sergeant, Tyrone Brown, who developed the program,
will be leaving soon and they don't really understand why. What they do
understand is that this is the evening to offer their thanks and
appreciation.

As they get downstairs and view the party food on display, Kevin asks Anton
where to find Tyrone. "I think he found a spot on the couch where Noah can
worship him," Anton informs him.

Kevin finds his way over the couch and plops himself down next to the First
Sergeant. Kevin pulls Tyrone's face toward him and kisses him. Kevin's
right hand finds its way to Tyrone's left nipple and Kevin rubs it first
and then pinches it repeatedly. "I loved going to San Francisco with
you. I'm hoping we can do that again for Folsom Fair."

Tyrone responds, "Thank you Kevin. I loved it too. And I will go with you
to Folsom if I can. I don't know when I will be starting at Officer
Training, so we'll just have to figure it out."

Kevin: "You know that we all love you. I hope you know that." Kevin leans
his head against the Large Sergeant's shoulder, but didn't let go of his
nipple for another couple of minutes, continuing to squeeze and release it
repeatedly. And then quietly stands up and walks over to the food table.

Tom is still standing next to Private Sean Covin, whose 7-inch dick is at
half mast. Kevin walks up to Tom and kisses him, while he places his left
hand around Sean's cock and strokes it two or three times. "Hi baby. Having
fun?" Tom asks Kevin.

"I am now." Kevin smiles up at his slightly taller superior. "Let me know
when you're ready to play. I might be thirsty."

"What does that mean?" Sean inquires gently as he turns towards Tom.

"It means that he will probably be receptive to me pissing in his mouth."
Tom says with a deadpan stare. "How about you ... what's looking fun to
you?"

"I guess it's time for me to find out what pee tastes like." Sean says with
a nervous and faint smile.

"Ok, let's take a couple of moments. Would you like a beer?" Tom asks. "Did
you eat anything yet?"

"You've been standing right here with me since we walked in, which is to
say: I think I might be too excited to eat." Sean tells Tom.

"Okay, Take a couple of tugs of beer. Let's walk over to the showers. Just
stand here for a minute. Give me your hand... stick out your three middle
fingers," Zelsky overhears Tom is telling the newest guest. Tom grabs his
wrist so he doesn't pull away as he pisses a tiny sample on Sean's
fingers. "Put your fingers up to your mouth and lick it."

Sean does this very cautiously as he expects everyone to point and laugh at
him when he follows Tom's directions. "Whoa... pretty good." Sean delights.

"Now you pee on my fingers," Tom tells him as he holds his hand in front of
Sean's cock. Sean starts to piss a few drops and Tom yanks his hand away
and shouts "Ow!"

Tom doesn't move, but he grabs Sean's semi hard cock and smiles. "Just
kidding." And then he licks his hand. And tells Sean that it's "tasty" and
smiles. "Want some more?"

"I do."

"Get down on your knees in front of me. Open your mouth and keep it open."
Tom tells Zelsky to "get him wet while I feed him." Private Paul Porter
sees what's happening and takes a few steps over toward Sean and starts to
piss on his chest. Sean Covin loves being overwhelmed by all of the piss
and takes Tom's dick with his hand and pulls the 10.5" cock into his mouth
and sucks on it, while letting only some of it spell down his chest,
drizzling down his abs and soaking his junk. Sean is grunting and
smiling. Totally becoming the Sub boy that Tom had expected him to be.

Tom Lansford, with his cock getting sucked by Sean, leans over Sean and
pulls Zelsky into a sexy kiss. Tom holds him by the back of his neck, but
Zelsky happily remains in the same position... Tom keeps his eyes on Zelsky
and pulls his cock out of Sean's mouth and pushes It right onto Zelsky's
monster cock. "Show him what you can do Sean. I know how much you want to
impress all the men here. Do it."

With that, Sean started taking Zelsky's monster down his throat, swallowing
it down deeper with each suck. Tom leans down and speaks gently into Sean's
ear. "This is what you've been fantasizing about isn't it Sean? This is the
real thing. You're getting used just like you've always dreamed about. Keep
going buddy. There's lots of men for you to enjoy."

Tom leans over and puts Private Paul Porter's cock into his mouth and works
his dick up to fully hard, fondling his balls with his right hand. Tom
stands up and kisses Paul on the lips. "Beautiful cock, man. You should
share it with Sean... introduce yourself.

All the men at the House know what that means. And when they see Private
Porter do it with Private Covin, they all want to get into it too.

Tom tells Sean to open his mouth, since he's already on his knees. "Paul,
you're up. This is Private Sean Covin... introduce yourself."

"Hi Private Covin," Paul says as he starts pissing in Sean's mouth. "I'm
Private Paul Porter and I'm pleased to meet you." He keeps pissing for
another half minute. "Now I need to grab another beer."

Private Owen West, who had been on his knees drinking from Zelsky's large
tap, was standing up and admiring the situation, with a bladder full of
Zelsky piss, steps in front of Sean Covin and says, "Open your mouth Sean."
And starts by dribbling piss on this face before he achieves full
flow. "I'm Private Owen West and I'm pleased to meet you."

"Hi Sean, open your mouth, Private Sean Covin, I'm Private Kevin Jones and
I'm very pleased to meet you." Kevin doesn't stop pissing and continues to
tell Sean, "This is exactly how I met all these magnificent men and it's
why my very favorite fetish is drinking piss. How do you like it so far?"

"I love it. I love being here. I love meeting you all." Sean tells Kevin,
but speaking loudly so as to invite the rest of the men to come over and
share some piss. Of course, they all get in line and participate knowing
that the night is young and that there's lots more beer in the
kitchen. Every man in the house is at home except for Private Greg Miller,
who is out on assignment.

When everyone has completed the ritual, Tom says loudly that everyone
should pay their respects to Sergeant Brown who is in the Family
Room. Paying their respects at the House isn't the same as signing a guest
book. Most likely it involves some sort of Oral Service.

Private Sebastian Carter, the 6-foot 2" Fister is very into ass.  Has been
intensely focused on Sergeant Brown's ass for a very long time, never
thought he'd have an opportunity to worship this large muscle
ass. Tonight's the night, Seb decided. He found the very hot, naked, large
Sergeant half hard and very large cock. Noah was present but taking a
break. "Sir, I'm Private Sebastian Carter. Please forgive my
intrusion. Hard for me to tell you, but, Sir, I've been interested in your
beautiful ass for a long time. I love watching it as you walk sir. My
interest is almost fanatical. I figure that you're leaving soon and that
this might be my last opportunity to tell you how much I admire it. Seb
sits in front The large black muscular god of a Sergeant with a menacing
9-inch very stiff boner.

"...and?" Tyrone asks,

"And I'd very much like to give you pleasure by eating your ass, sir."

"Ummm... and what" The large black's cock gets harder as Seb speaks.

"I'd love to service your ass in any way that you'll allow me to, Sir," Seb
speaks slowly and thoughtfully.

"Well, instead of telling me, Seb, why don't you show me." The First
Sergeant responds.

"Please pull your knees back Sir." Seb gets his tongue under the Sergeant's
big balls and slobbers all over the man's taint, licking up the sides of hs
balls. Seb pulls Sergeant Brown's ass over the edge of the couch and
aggressively jams his tongue into Tyrone's crack, sniffing it madly, before
inserting his tongue, licking up the dark crevasse. And assertively
entering the cave, spurred on by the nutty taste of Tyrone's ass. Seb
removed his tongue from the large ass for a moment, long enough to say,
"Oh, Sir, this is so much hotter than I could have imagined. Thank you
sir..." Private Carter insistently reinserted his muscular tongue, reaching
again and again for the walnut inside. Seb spread the Sergeant's ass wide
again, trying to get deep. Sergeant Brown was longing for the same
goal. Seb started in with his talented fingers, groping and caressing the
inner wall of Tyrone's expanding hole. "Sir, have you ever taken a fist?"
The Sergeant replied that he had not. "But I've dreamt about it."

"Your hole is so hot, sir. I could easily give it some serious attention"
Seb told the Sergeant.

"Seb, maybe not here. But you could fuck me if you're up for that." Tyrone
tells the Private.

"Yes SIR. I'd like that quite a lot. And thanks for letting me inside,
Sir. That was truly awesome." Seb divulges.

Seb really couldn't get more excited or harder than his cock already
was. It was so hard that it kind of got numb while he got distracted by the
taste of Tyrone's hole. He hocked a ball of spit into The Sergeant's dark
cave and then drooled some spit onto his own cock before plunging it in the
hole. The hole was ready to take the 9-inch pole. It slid right in and Seb
started pumping into it. "Talk dirty to me, Seb. I wanna know what you're
thinking while you fuck me." Tyrone tells his 26 year old sub boy
fucker. "Your dick feels really good."

"I'm thinking that you're as sexy as any of the men here. You know what
your want and you're telling me just how it goes. I love to fuck a hot
military man, Sergeant. I've wanted to do this for the past three
years... I go crazy for your ass whenever I see it. I never imagined my
cock in your cunt sir... Oh, Sorry, Sir, forgive me sir."

"Seb... you can say CUNT if you like. Your dick is fucking my grateful
butthole. You can say whatever comes to mind. I'm loving this." The First
Sergeant tells him.

Zelsky sees what's going on with Tyrone and looks over at Sergeant Lansford
and tells him "You were certainly right. Tyrone is gonna remember this
evening."

Tom answers Zelsky... "I'm so happy for him. The guys generally really love
this man, but he doesn't know how to make it happen... You know what, I
need to introduce you to the Twins.

Tom goes on a search for Deke and David. Deke is found in the small gym
helping David up into the sling. "How does this thing work?" David says.

Your head goes at this end and your legs go at the wide end. And these are
Stirrups. You put your feet through them and then the you relax into it
your legs are wide and your butt is exposed." Tom tells him, and rubs
David's butthole when he relaxes. "It makes it easier to get fucked. Do you
want to get fucked, David?"

"I would love that." David tells Tom.

"Private Butler, come here." Tom invites the 20-year-old Tim Butler
over. "Private, this is Sergeant Zelsky."

"Nice to meet you sir." Butler says.

'Tim, this cute little butt hole needs a dick in it. Would you fuck this
little slave boy for me?"

"Oh yeah. But later, would you like to spank me? I really want a good
spankin." Butler requests.

"I can spank that cute butt, Tim." Zelsky declares.

"Sir, I saw you paddle Kevin Jones ass at his Birthday Party and I think
that I need to get a fun daddy spanking before I turn my butt over to you
for a beating. Though I might like that one day soon, Sir." Tim Butler

Tell you what Sergeant Zelsky... lets you and me go find Private
First-Class Jones ... we'll make a Kevin sandwich.

Most of the food was still on the dining room when Devin got back to party
with the boys. "You guys barely touched the food." Devin seemingly
complained.

"We've been very busy. You should meet our new pal to the group" They tell
Devin as the get close enough to Sean. "This is Private Sean Covin." Tom
says to Devin.

"Oh hi Sean. I always wondered what you'd look like naked." Says Devin,
smiling.

"Back at ya, buddy." Sean tells Devin.

Tom has his arm around the back of Devin's neck. Directing him so that he
can quickly meet all the guys of the House. "Some of these guys you haven't
already met,"

"Who's the big guy?" Devin asks.

"That's Zelsky. He's kind of overseeing the group during our
transition. He's not from here, but he visits fairly often," Tom explains.

"He's huge." Devin observes.

"He certainly is. And a lot of fun." Tom testifies. "So, anybody in
particular that you'd like to know?

"Well, yeah... You! And Kevin and anyone that wants to turn me on to new
stuff. I want to experience it all." Devin

"You're a sub, right?" Tom asks. Devin confirms. "So, you like to get kinky
or just suck dick... or what?

"I'm sometimes put off by some of the kinkier shit, but I always wind up
having a great time. So... really anything."

"What do you want to experience?" Tom asks again.

"Okay... I think I have to try the piss thing. It's terrifying and very
intriguing. What should I try." Devin puts himself out on the limb

"Let's start with a beer. Here, guzzle some of this. I'm taking you into
the shower and you're gonna get wet. "Tom leads him by the arm not carrying
the beer. "So, I think you'll enjoy this a little more if your dick is
hard, okay?" Tom squeezes Devin's slightly excited cock with his left hand
and it responds to Tom's touch. "So, Devin.. piss on my hand."

Devin looks a little confused but processes the thought and proceeds to
dribble some piss onto Tom's right hand. Again, Zelsky, standing guard in
the shower, hears Tom's conversation with Devin. Tom takes his right hand
and licks it all over to gather a taste of Devin's urine. Zelsky smiles as
he watches. "Lick my hand Devin."

"But I just peed on your hand." Devin freezes.

"So, what? You just saw me lick it. It's like water, dude. It's not gonna
hurt you. Yours or mine. But, okay... hold your hand out," Tom grabs is
wrist so that he doesn't jerk it away while Tom dribbles some of his piss
on Devin's fingers. "Now put that hand in your mouth." Devin considers
it. "Just do it. Taste it. You're gonna like it."

"Okay," Devin slowly raises his hand to his mouth and sticks his tongue
out. Tom takes his hand and moves it to his mouth... Wow, not what I
thought. I like it."

Tom just smiles. He looks up to Zelsky and says, "Let's wet this guy down."
"Devin... get on your knees." The two sergeant's hose him down, only
occasionally letting their piss hit his face or go in his mouth... until
the end, when Zelsky aimed straight into Devin's mouth. Devin clammed
up. Tom stood behind Devin and gently pried his mouth open, holding it up
so that Zelsky could piss in his mouth unobstructed. Devin didn't panic at
all. He loved that he was being controlled by a couple of powerful guys
with big cocks that produced such good tasting piss.

Owen walked over to Devin and leaned over. "I just watched all of that. You
are one lucky boy to have these two guys guide you like that. It was so hot
to watch." And then Owen looked up at Zelsky and Tom and said. "I hope you
have some piss left for me."

Zelsky smiled down at Owen and spoke with a mock Russian accent. "We make
more. Why don't you go grab us a couple more beers, boy?"

Tom took the opportunity of the lull, to drop to his knees and lick
Zelsky's cock head and suck the big dick into his mouth and give it a few
strokes to Zelsky's big shaft. As quickly as he went down, he stood up and
pulled Zelsky's face down and laid a big, adoring kiss on the tall
sergeant. "I sure do understand why Kevin feels so attached to you. You're
a very hot man."

Zelsky smiled, "back at you buddy... But I think we need to make a
spectacle of Kevin. Let's go find him."

As they look around the room for Kevin, there is lots of pissing in the
shower room. Noah Peltski is in the sling getting fucked by Anthony
Jackson. Arlo Thompson is on the couch getting serviced by the
twins. Sebastian Carter is sucking Tyrone's cock.... Or, at least trying to
get it down his throat.

Devin and Sean have hooked up.... The two men kissed and fondles each other
until Private Joey Reynolds stepped in to give them some pointers, which
wound up being a 3way. Joey and Devin both servicing Joey's extra-large
cock, Sean dropping down to give Joey a great rim job, which was a first
for Sean. Consequently, Devin wound up taking a hot load of Joey Jizz down
his throat. Those 3 changed roles but kept playing for a long while.

Zelsky commented that Anton looked happy sitting on Paul Porter's face. A
little while later. Paul was seen stuffing the ass that he'd been eating
out with his experienced 9-inch cock. Both men moaning quite a lot into the
sub headspace they were fulfilling.

The sergeants found Kevin Jones eating some pizza and grabbing another
beer. "Ah-ha... there you are" Tom says to his boyfriend. "Are you having a
fun night, Private First Class?"

"I'm really having fun. But I'd love to play a little bit more with you
both. Would you guys be up for a 3way in the shower? I need to get a dick
in my ass." Kevin tells his two favorite men. "Have you guys been having
some fun?

"Oh yeah... mostly exposing Sean and Devin to some piss play," Tom tells
Kevin. "Sean was introduced to the group. I loved watching you pissing in
his mouth."

"I have to say, that's an incredibly sexy little ritual you guys have
established." Zelsky observed.

"It is, Kevin and I have gone through it. I think you need to be
introduced, Zelsky." Tom tells him while Kevin hears and giggles at the
suggestion. All three men are smiling. All three men grabbing another beer
and heading for the shower.

"I'm thirsty Sir," The kneeling Kevin says to Tom. Tom smiles and responds
with a heavy stream landing on Kevin's face. Kevin opens his mouth as
expected. Kevin swallows it down. Tom puts his arm around Zelsky's waist
and they join in wetting down their favorite Private. Kevin carefully lies
down on the shower floor. The scene is observed by serval of the men of the
House who are wishing to be on the receiving end of that maneuver. A couple
of the men gather some courage and step forward, joining in to make sure
Kevin is thoroughly soaked. Kevin smiling and rubbing the piss into his
chest with one hand while pumping his 9 inches with the other. Noah lifts
Kevin's left leg straight up so that Owen can piss on Kevin's butt
hole. Kevin loves that and pulls both of his knees up to his chest and
Zelsky joins Owen pissing on the Private's hole. Kevin grins big. He looks
up at Zelsky and asks him "could you piss in my ass sir?"

Owen bends over, as if to perform a pushup, and licked Kevin's asshole and
then spits on it once to rub it all over the hole and then again to
lubricate it. "Kevin, stand up," Zelsky orders him. Zelsky pushes him
forward into a bent over position and lines up his dick pointing right at
Kevin's pretty exposed pussy. Zelsky maneuvers his huge dick head into
Kevin's ass and pumps a few short strokes to get it settled in Kevin's
hole. He begins to fill Kevin's ass.

"Oh fuck, Sir. That's fantastic. I can feel your stream, full force. Oh
god. Oh fuck." A moment later Zelsky's bladder was empty. Both of them
waited with the hefty penis still resting inside Kevin's rectum. "Sir,
please give me your cum. Fill my ass."  Kevin had taken Zelsky's dick
previously but it always seemed bigger than the last time. The wall of
Sergeant was very focused on delivering his nit in Kevin's gorgeous
ass. "You're doing good, Kevin. I'm not gonna stop." Kevin was excited to
be receiving Zelsky's huge cock, but knowing that there would soon be
relief when the big man shot off in his ass. It occurs to Kevin that he
should have used some dildos to get his ass in shape for what he should
have known would happen... especially since he begged for it. Zelsky's 12.5
thick inches kept drilling deeper as he fucked Kevin ever more
intensely. Zelsky kept going after it more forcefully because he knows
Kevin can take it. He wants it. Until all of a sudden, Kevin just cannot
take it anymore. "Please stop sir. I can't ... " Zelsky pulls the giant
dick out of Kevin's ass and Kevin breaths a big deep sigh of relief.

Zelsky was so close and he keeps stroking his large appendage because he's
in the throes of his orgasm. Tom looks at Zelsky and tells him, "Use my
ass. I'll take your load." 6 of the House men, standing by, were surprised
that Tom volunteered and disappointed to realize that they'd had their
chance and didn't step up at the right moment.

Sergeant Lansford asked Owen, who was still standing by closely observing
the epic fuck, to spit on his ass and make it wet. And Owen followed Tom's
order. Owen used a few fingers to widen the tunnel before Zelsky used it
for target practice. Owen did as much as he could in only a few
seconds. "Okay sir, it's ready now." Owen told Zelsky.

Zelsky knew that Tom was throwing himself on a grenade when he
volunteered. Zelsky had grown to really like and respect the new sergeant,
even when Tom convinced Zelsky to drink his piss only yesterday. `My god,
this guy really is putting himself out there. I can't embarrass him now in
front of his men.' Zelsky thought.  And with that he stuck his slightly
softer but still Giant dick in Tom's hole. Tom bounced against it to get it
settled in before Zelsky begins again in earnest. Tom considered what he
had just volunteered for as Zelsky began to pound his ass, though Zelsky
was just working to get his huge dick fully firm once again. So, Tom hadn't
yet appreciated the full thickness of the very big cock in his ass. The
biggest favor was that Zelsky was already close to an orgasm. Tom was proud
to take it, but hoped he didn't get ripped by the large cock as had
happened to Kevin when he first took it.

Zelsky slapped Tom's ass hard 3 or 4 times, making the sting on the outside
mask the pain on the inside. It worked. Tom was eager to hear Zelsky's
heaving breaths as he prepared to shoot the load. Only a minute into the
fuck and Tom was past the pain and eager to receive his reward. Tom had
actually never taken a dick as big as his own so this was all new. And
suddenly, Zelsky started to shoot and shoot and shoot the biggest load Tom
had ever taken. He hung in there until Zelsky pulled out, which he was not
quick to do. When he did, Kevin was right there to pop the large head into
his mouth and suck out, and clean off, the large cock.

Zelsky grabbed Tom and kissed him and squeezed him. "Thanks for taking it,
Sergeant. That was brave of you."

Kevin quickly stuck his tongue in Tom's much larger hole. "You want the
rest of it?" Tom questioned Kevin, who nodded his affirmation. "Good... lay
down." Tom sat on Kevin's face and shit out almost a half cup of Zelsky
jizz into his mouth. Zelsky held his cock up to Tom's mouth and sweetly
licked and sucked on it like a pacifier until he was done emptying into
Kevin. Both men stood up and put their arms around Zelsky and his arms
around them. "I'm sorry I couldn't continue. I cramped up." Kevin said.

"It happens. It's okay." Zelsky tells Kevin.

"If you hadn't then I wouldn't have had the awesome experience that I just
did. I didn't know if I could, but I really wanted to. I hope you're okay
with it," Tom tells Kevin.

The three men stood in the shower room hugging for another couple of
minutes. "I'm gonna go grab a beer," Tom tells his buddies.

"I'm going out to the couch. Come find me." Zelsky tells the others.

"As bad as I felt for failing, I loved watching you get fucked." Tom's arm
is draped around Kevin's neck as they walk to the kitchen for another
beer. "It was kind of epic. I'm so happy that you guys are into each other
as much as I'm into you both." Kevin announced. "Hey, let's find the
twins."

Deke and David were snuggled up together next to Tyrone, on the couch when
they were discovered by Kevin and Tom. "Hey you two slave boys, I've got a
duty for you." Kevin picks up David by the back of his neck and delivers
him to Zelsky's still somewhat hard dick. " Suck this cock, boy," Kevin
ordered him. David went right to work. Tom lifted Deke off the couch and
places his mouth on Zelsky's right nipple. Kevin told Deke to suck on that
until he was told to stop. But he didn't say who would give him that
order. Zelsky started to Rub David's head without even looking down at
him. "What a great party. And you were right about everything Tom... it all
worked "

"Kevin... I still need to nutt." Tom said as he sat on the couch between
Sergeant Zelsky and Sergeant Brown. Kevin got down on his knees, spreading
Tom's knees to be able to orally service his new Sergeant's cock and
balls. Owen, sitting with Private Chris Darnell opposite to the 3 Sergeants
observed that all three Sergeants were sitting, side by Side on the couch,
each with their right hands on he heads of the lucky boys servicing
them. It was as though it were staged as a porn pic... the two privates
kissed and stroked one another as they admired each of the three sexy men
being served.

Owen told Chis, "It's so hot. Am I gonna suck your cock or are you gonna
suck mine?

Chris responds, " I think the real question is which one goes first."

Owen volunteers. "I'll go first, but... are you into eating ass?"

"Very definitely into eating as ass that's clean, sure." Private Darnell
responds. "I probably wouldn't be able to have qualified if not. Is your
ass cleaned out?"

"Fair point. I'll go clean out, just in case." Owen tells him as he gets up
from the overstuffed loveseat. "Don't go anywhere."

Owen doesn't think his ass is dirty, but there is probably some cum and
piss in there. Private West heads into the Shower to stuff a hose into his
ass and give it a rinse. "Busy?" Asked Private Anthony Jackson, the Private
in the House renowned for having the biggest Cock this side of Zelsky.

Owen takes a look at the mildly hard 12 inches standing in front of him. "I
just came to clean out."

"Private... truly, I have a bigger hose. I can rinse that out for
you. Maybe even give you a cream rinse." Anthony offers. "But my dick might
need to be a little stiffer, help a brotha out?"

Owen drops carefully to his knees, grabs Anthony's very large dick and
looks up at Private Jackson. "Can I borrow a cup of mouth wash?" Owen
didn't need to ask twice. Anthony shares a sufficient piss load down his
throat as Owen took the golden prize, he sucked on Anthony's cock back up
to hard.

"I thought you were gonna gargle." Anthony tells Owen.

"It's just so hard to spit it out when you're fuckin' my mouth." Owen
complained. "You made me swallow."

Anthony leans over and kisses Owen on the mouth. "Come with me. Let's go
find a bed for you to lie on." Anthony said as he helped Owen up off his
knees. "I wanna throat fuck you. You wanna swallow my big black cock down
your throat?

Owen didn't say anything. He simply went with it. They used the King bed in
the next room. Surprised to find it empty. Owen had forgotten Private
Darnell in the Family Room. But then so did Chris when Private Paul Porter
walks into the room stroking his 9-inch dick, looking for a place to put
it. "Hey handsome," Porter says. "Is your mouth looking for something to
do?"

"Sure. Want a BJ, Sailor?" Chris kids.

"Let me taste that sexy mouth first." Porter grabs Chris' chin and jams his
tongue in. "Oh yeah. Sweet mouth, buddy. I can use that."

The party went on like that for two or three more hours as it dwindled down
to 6 guys still looking to suck a cock.  David asked Zelsky to spank
him. Zelsky's dick was aching from being hard for too long. David had been
servicing Zelsky's ass while Deke licked his balls, so they were all
content. When David asked to be spanked, Zelsky instructed David to lay
across his lap. The big sergeant gives him about eight hefty slaps on his
butt. David wanted more. But Zelsky started fiddling with David's hole,
spitting on it while lying face down over his knee and occasionally finger
fucking him. David felt very at home there on Zelsky's lap and didn't want
to leave until given new orders.

Another chapter soon...

---

Untitled (Chapter 17)

Date: Mon, 1 Sep 2025 15:14:00 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 43

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you think of the story.

Kevin Jones New Orders 43

Day 23		0500 hours

Kevin wakes up in his bed, a bit confused, slightly hung over. His
boyfriend and partner is in bed with him, also slightly rough around the
edges.  Both men played with the crew last night and both had a few beers,
mostly to manufacture some piss to share between them and with Anton and
the Twins. Everyone else had gotten the message that the party was over a
little before 2000 hours. But these guys just couldn't get enough. So they
kept going... as though there is EVER enough.

"You know, Kevin, today you have to pick up Zelsky around 1230 hours." Tom
reminds him. "So, you need to be ready to leave like 1030 hours. We should
get moving and get some exercise while we can. You up for a run?"

"Oh god... sure. I guess. But I need coffee now. Are you getting it or am
I?" Kevin asks.

"Well, I think it's only appropriate that I support you when you've got so
much on your plate. So, yes, my friend, I'll be right back." Tom kisses
Kevin very sweetly, and rubs his naked ass at the same time.

Kevin sat up in bed, preparing himself for the coffee that Tom was fetching
for the two of them. David came to Apartment 14 to see if he could
talk. "Good morning David. You're up bright and early. What's goin' on?"

"I wanted to see you. But I also wanted to ask you about this guy Zelsky
that you talked about. Is he the guy that you're picking up today, Sir?"

"Yeah, he is." Kevin responding curiously. "What are you thinkin?

"Well, if you're entertaining him when he's here then, as your slave, I
should be entertaining him too... or anybody else that you ever tell me
to. Shouldn't I? Isn't that part of my duty?" David asks.

"Yes, if I want you to. And I'll tell you if I want you to, okay?" Kevin
tells David. "I include you in a lot of things, don't I? But sometimes I
can't include you, and you just have to accept that. One more thing... how
does Deke feel about you being my slave?"

"He thinks you're his master too. But he wants a master for him." David
shares.

"Perhaps we should discuss that one day... but not today. I have to be a
host to Sergeant Zelsky today. He's going to stay here at the House and I'm
responsible for him. So, don't do anything that I haven't told you to do,
okay?"

"Okay. Thank you, Sir." David tells Kevin as he leaves, just as Tom walks
in the door.

"Everything okay?" Tom asks.

"Well, yeah, he was just telling me that as my slave he would do anything
for any of my guests or friends, I think. I'm a little unsure. I've never
been anyone's master before." Kevin says, with an amused expression.

"Of course, you have. Sometimes you're my master," Tom says as he hands
Kevin his morning coffee. "Would you like for me to suck your cock now,
Sir? Both men giggle.

"Actually, yes, but I think I need to shower first. My dick might be a
little crusty from last night."

Tom sits on the bed next to Kevin, and, while balancing the paper cup of
coffee, leans over and gives his buddy a second sweet morning kiss.  "Drink
up. We need to hit the ground running this morning. Shower,
Protein. Run. Some weights, another shower, and then you drive to the
airport."

"Okay, got it... but how would you like your protein?" Kevin quips with a
grin. "Let's hit the showers."

As is typical, all of the men who aren't out on assignment, want to hit the
showers before hitting the track. First thing in the morning, most of the
men are naked and, to varying degrees, displaying morning wood. There are 5
shower heads so often, in peak traffic hours, there might be some men just
standing around, waiting for a shower to become available. Often, the guys
in waiting give one another a little yank which can encourage play and
sometime extra interested parties. All hot, sexual studs, all eager subs
and nobody can say no... to anyone. But it is considered courteous between
these men to give up your shower spot if someone is engaged in a blowjob,
when somebody is waiting to take an actual shower. It's not big deal, just
give up your spot which will be free again in a few minutes. Nobody ever
has to ask for this consideration, it's simply an unwritten understanding
among the men of the House.

Kevin is known for giving the best head at the House which may be true but
he certainly hasn't engaged with everyone there... yet. Not since his
welcoming ceremony. Considered an expert at oral skills, he's also teased
often about his love for piss, since the first day he arrived and announced
that it was his new favorite thing. But for many of these guys, getting to
piss in Kevin's mouth is like an inferred trophy, especially when
accomplished in front of spectators. Getting Kevin entangled in anything
kinky is considered a triumph among the men because he's so fucking
sexy. And so fucking willing. And how long does it take to feed him a load
of piss anyway? He's always willing to take it. He really does love it. And
he really did ask for it.

Private Owen West just got back from hosting one of the Army Brass late
last night and was just finishing his shower when Kevin walked into the
shower. "Hey Buddy, how's it going? Looking pretty sexy there." Owen tells
Kevin. "You thirsty?

Kevin always knows what that means and just as he was about to take his
turn under the shower head, having heard Private West's words, Kevin spins
around and steps back out, reaching out to give Owen's cock a little
squeeze to let him know that he's receptive. Owen grabs Kevin by that back
of the neck and pulls him in for a brief kiss, without letting him out of
his grasp. "First morning piss?" Kevin asks Owen. Owen pushes Kevin down to
his knees as he responds, "you bet. Have a drink." Owen continues to piss
for the next minute, both men enjoying the connection. Others in the group
shower enjoy the show. A few boners get sprung and a couple of guys are
inspired to join in the morning piss fun. Kevin's getting more than his
share of showers this morning. Nothing out of the ordinary though. It's
just a Monday at the House.

Kevin jumps up at the first opportunity to take a WATER shower, shampooing
his hair twice so he doesn't smell like piss when he goes for a run with
Tom. Tom, however, was very much aware of the piss Kevin had
encountered. He watched the whole thing from the sidelines, enjoying the
show and was even a little jealous of both Owen and Kevin. But this is not
the morning to draw out the play, when Kevin has to proceed with his day so
that he could get to the airport on time to pick up Zelsky.

Private Jones grabs a Blueberry protein drink in the Nutrition Bar,
adjacent to the Kitchen and is still drying out his junk with his towel as
he makes his way back up the stairs to Apartment 14 to get dressed for the
morning run. He finds Tom just tying his shoes as he enters.  "I got
waylaid on my way to the shower." Kevin explains.

"Yes, I watched the whole thing. I was picturing myself in your place when
I saw it. It got me hard... You know, I wasn't ever into piss until I met
you. So, thank you for turning me on to it..." Tom shares.

"I thought you were going to tell me that you pictured yourself pissing on
me." Kevin says.

"Well, yeah, both actually. You know I think while the boys here really
enjoy piss, they're actually honoring your first appeal to call you when
they have to piss. They know how much you like it."

"And I do. But it's a little hard to do all the sexy things I like when I'm
on the run like this morning. But I'd still rather accommodate Owen rather
than ignore him... or really, any of the guys."

"The really cool part, Kevin, is that all of the men here really like
interacting with you. You're kind of like their sex guru. I mean, fuck,
you've certainly changed my sex life."

"Really?" Kevin questions.

"Yeah, really." Tom explains. "But, when these boys all realize that Zelsky
is staying here and that you're his Ambassador, they're likely gonna want a
piece of that. So, you might need to be a little bit cautious. Remember,
these guys saw Zelsky in action at your party. Nobody could take their eyes
off of him."

Kevin completes dressing for the run and they two men walk down the stairs
to the front door. As Tom opens the door for Kevin, Kevin says, "I'm glad
you mentioned it. I didn't consider that. I'm gonna have to keep my
antennas up." After stretching their legs for a couple of minutes, they
take off with their group, running the 2 miles around the base. Kevin
remembers their earlier conversation: "Are you going to do some ass
stretching this morning? Do you want some help? I can do arms and chest on
the cable machine over at the House gym while you use the Fuck machine."

"So... I'm guessing that means that you've thought about it and you're okay
sharing Zelsky with me?" Tom asks.

"I picture it more as me and Zelsky sharing YOU!" Kevin says with a big
grin. "And by YOU, I mean Your ass."

Tom: "I guess I've been fantasizing more about me sucking his big dick. Me
getting him completely hard before he fucks you."

"Yeah, maybe that too. But I think you should do some stretching with this
fuck machine for at least a half hour, you know...just in case."

_____________________________


0945 hours


"I asked Private Sean Covin over at the Motor Pool to spend a few minutes
checking out the van this morning so that you don't have any vehicle
problems when you pick up Zelsky. So, he knows that he has to have it back
here by 1015 hours." Tom advises Kevin.

"I expected that you'd be at your office this morning." Kevin says.

"Yeah, well, I told the Sergeant that I'd be helping you prepare for
Zelsky's arrival and he said to take all the time I needed.  And, by the
way, the Sergeant said he's up for hosting a dinner party at his house."
Tom tells Kevin.

"Complete with the guest list of boys? Kevin asks. "I can't imagine that
Zelsky would be excited by delivery chicken dinner. The only Chicken
delivery I'd want on that menu is Devin." Tom hesitates for a second before
realizing what Kevin said... and then laughs.

David walks by Apartment 14 to check in on his 'Sir'. "Good morning. Do you
need for me to do anything, Sir?" Nobody looks up because the two men are
engaged in Preparing Kevin to leave. Tom says he's running up the apartment
Zelsky will be staying, just to be certain that the pillow is fluffed and
that nobody has used it since the last time they checked.

As Tom hears the door buzzer, he says to David, "That's probably Sean,
would you please go answer the door, David" David follows Tom's direction
and goes down and opens the front door. Private Covin enters.

"Is the Corporal here?" Private Covin asks of the naked boy standing in
front of him.

"Who's the Corporal?" David asks the visitor.

As the very naked Tom comes down the stairs to get the keys that he
expected would be given to David, Sean Covin, smiles at Tom. "Good morning
Corporal... I hope you'll forgive my intrusion, but I must say...  Very
impressive."

Tom, feeling a little bit sheepish, grins at the compliment. "Good morning
Sean. How did the van check out?"

The very naked Noah Peltsky walks around the Corner from the kitchen,
headed for the stairs. "Good morning" Tom says to Noah. Private Covin just
smiles acceptingly.

"The van is just fine. I added a little air to a tire and filled the gas
tank. Here are the keys..." Sean says as he thinks. "Corporal, what is this
place? What goes on here?"

"This is a barracks for an Army Intel Operation." Tom explains nodding
slightly.

"Tom, if you don't mind my saying so... I'm not stupid, but I am Gay and my
Gaydar detector is fully pinging. So, I swear to you, this is our little
secret, but I hope that you'll let me in on it. I am intrigued to say the
least," Private Covin tells Tom.

"Do you have time for lunch at noon? Perhaps we can visit then. In the
meantime, I expect your complete confidentiality on this, understand?"

"Yes, Sir, I understand. Where shall I meet you?"

"I will meet you right here at noon." Tom tells Sean.

"Sir?" Sean asks.  "Yes Private" Tom answers, "Will this be a clothed
meeting or do I need to be naked too?" Sean asks.  "I'll see you at noon,
Private." Tom tells him with a slight grin.

Sean leaves the House completely excited to know that he's stumbled into a
spy ring of sexy gay men right here on the base he works at. `that's so
awesome' Sean thinks to himself.

Tom knows that he fucked up... but, as he mulls the encounter in his mind
he recognizes that this sexy motor pool guy was very cleaver in offering
himself as vulnerable by stating that he's gay. Tom continues to realize
that Sean probably won't be a problem and could even be a fun new friend.

Kevin is ready to go, arriving down the stairs and kissing his buddy
goodbye as Tom hands him the keys to the van. Kevin takes the keys in his
left hand and squeezes Tom's balls with his right hand. They smile at each
other. "Wish me luck." Kevin says. Tom gets a chubby, allowing him to
realize just how much he feels attached to this guy, Kevin.

Tom goes upstairs to get dressed and heads over to his office. He pics up
the intercom and buzzes the First Sergeant. "Good morning, Sir, you free to
talk for a minute?"

After the Sergeant told him `now is a good time,' Tom taps on the door and
proceeds inside.

"I have a confession, Sir. This morning I got distracted over at the House
and asked David to go answer the door without realizing that he wasn't
wearing any clothes. It was Private Sean Covin from the Motor Pool,
bringing the keys back for the van." The First Sergeant, listening very
intently to everything Corporal Tom is telling him. "Sean came inside and
watched me also walk into the room naked. He asked me what we do there. I
told him it's about Intelligence... and this is why it might be not such an
awful outcome... Sean told me that he's gay because he felt something else
was going on. I told him that I'd discuss it with him over lunch today. So
I thought I'd come to you now, Sir, because it just happened and not
because I think there's any real problem."

"Okay." The Sergeant said with his fingers crossed in his lap as he
listened to his office worker intently.

"I have a thought about this situation. Sean is a very good-looking young
guy. Are we trying to fill any ambassadorial positions at the House? There
are extra rooms so I thought maybe I should tell him what we do and see if
it's interesting to him. I mean, involving him might be a very quick way to
close the revelation loop that I inadvertently opened. And he's right here,
already on base. I know recruiting is difficult for your operation, but
this one may have just fallen into our laps... if you are open to it. I
could have a chat with him about it and then turn him over to you, if he
looks promising."

"Interesting. Yes, we're always looking simply because there are so many
hurdles to bringing someone into to club." The First Sergeant shares. "When
you talk with him, don't hide the sex part, but emphasize the Intelligence
and the lobbying aspects. The Ambassadors bring us a lot of information."

Tom analyzes what the Sergeant is telling him. "Maybe I'm missing
something... I don't see that happening." Tom tells his Sergeant.

"You don't see it because you're not supposed to see it. The guys bring
back info to ME when they have some info because that's exactly what
they've been directed to do.

"Well, then Kevin is really good at hiding it from me because I've never
seen an inkling of anything with him." Tom tells his Sergeant.

"Tom... I haven't shared any of this with Kevin yet. I don't bring them
into this until they've been here and in service for almost a year. I'm
telling you this now because it's opportune for you to know, but, Tom, I've
been planning to bring you into this for a while. I want you to start
taking over the coordination of what info comes in to us." The Sergeant
shares." This occupies a good deal of my time."

"Sir, why me?" Tom asks.

"Because you're the most organized person I know. You're trustworthy,
you're dependable, you're a handsome unit type leader."

"But, sir, I just proved that I potentially could have fucked up your
operation." Tom retorts.

"Tom. What you did so adeptly is come and tell me what happened. You took
responsibility. You didn't blame someone else AND, you figured out why it's
probably not a disaster and you're proposing bringing this kid into our
club. You're a natural at this. It's really difficult, Tom, to teach anyone
to do this kind of thing, and yet, here you are doing it organically,
without training, you instinctively know what the right thing to do
is. You're doing it for me, you're doing it for the Army, you're doing it
because it's the right thing to do. Fuck, Tom... I'm impressed." Says the
Boss.

"Sir? What does this mean for you? I suspect there's more to this. What
don't I know?" Tom asks.

"Wow, your instincts are pretty sharp..." The Sergeant heaves a heavy
breath and continues, "I've been asked to prepare to go off to Officer
Training school. Some of the Army Brass wants me to aim for running this
base, though that outcome is not determined, but I can't become a
Lieutenant Colonel without going thru officer training. Right now, I'm an
enlisted man. So, I have to set this place up to be able to leave for a
while. So, Tom, I want you to take over for me. I've put you in for a
promotion. You're going to be promoted to Sergeant."

"Thank you, Sir. I'm grateful. I'm also happy to know what's going on with
you. Thanks for sharing all that. I'll do whatever you need me to, Sir."
Tom commits.

"This isn't how I intended to tell you all of this. I need for you to keep
this a secret, capish?" The Sergeant informs Corporal Lansford.

"This is going to be difficult for me to keep from Kevin." Tom tells his
boss. "Can I share it with him? He's good at keeping secrets."

"Actually, there are two additional advancements. Anton will become a
Corporal and your assistant... and Private Jones will advance to Private
First Class. He'll be running the House along with you, replacing Anton at
the House. I hope that you don't see this as a conflict. Obviously, nobody
else knows about this, and they shouldn't. Zelsky knows about this. It's
part of the reason that he's visiting."

"So you don't want me to share this with Kevin...?" Kevin repeats his
question.

"Tell you what, you can tell him about me and you can tell him about your
promotion. But you can't tell him about himself or Anton. That will happen
in the next few weeks when the orders come down officially. These things
can take a while."

"When will you tell Anton about you and me?" Tom asks.

"He'll be informed probably this week" Sergeant Brown states.

"You know, Sergeant. I'm pretty lucky that I've been hanging out in the
House with Kevin. I've learned so much about what goes on with the men and
what a positive difference he's made in the House." Tom tells the
Sergeant. "How much does Zelsky know, Sir?"

"He knows all of it. He's been initiating this with command channels."

"Does this change any dinner plans we've been chatting about at your
place?" Tom asks.

"It shouldn't change anything. Zelsky is my friend. He's Kevin's friend. He
likes Anton. We've played together. I don't see why we need to alter any of
that. In fact, I'll let him know that I've shared this with you. But let's
not expand this to other players at this point. No need to. Obviously, I
have lots of details to share with you. This doesn't all just happen
tomorrow. I expect to remain here for another couple of months."

"I look forward to it, Sir. Thank you again, Sir." Tom stands and salutes,
even though it's not something he does on a normal day.

_________________________

Kevin used his mobile phone to get info on Zelsky's arrival time. Arriving
20 minutes late, Kevin decided to stop at a coffee shop and get 2 coffees,
one for him and one for Zelsky.

At the appointed time, Kevin drove the van up to the curb right in front of
the Airline Terminal. When he saw Zelsky step out of the glass door he
jumped out and opened the sliding door for Zelsky to ride in back. Kevin
saluted his Senior as he walked up to the vehicle. Zelsky saluted back in a
casual manner. These two men were happy to see each other. "Would you like
to sit in the back, Sir?" Kevin asked.

"No, I'm gonna sit up front with you. We can chat. It's good to see
you. You look great, Kevin. It's clear that you've been working out." The
Sergeant told him.

Kevin, behind the wheel, carefully pulls out into traffic. "Permission to
speak freely, Sir?"

"Of course,... Kevin... when we're alone you don't need to be formal with
me. I think we're well past that, don't you?"

"Yes, sir, but I don't want to take anything for granted." Kevin
states. "And I always think of you as my superior, sir. I kind of find
comfort in that."

"I get that. You've been on my mind a good bit lately. How's the boyfriend
working out?" Zelsky pries.

"Really well, I think. We do quite a lot together. I think we teach each
other new stuff every day. Is this a concern for you, Sir? I am very
committed to you as your Ambassador.  I don't want my personal shit to get
in your way."

"No, Kevin.. it's not in my way at all. I asked you because I really like
Tom. I remember you introducing us at your party. Very sexy. Very
accessible and friendly. I can see why you are together. As a matter of
fact, I don't think anyone else has ever introduced me to their boyfriend
and told me how important they were to them. Only you have done that."
Zelsky recounts.

"Actually, Sir, I said that same thing about you too." Kevin says.

"Oh, I remember, Kevin. Even though I got a little fucked up that night I
think I remember every detail. I remember giving you some pretty serious
birthday swats." Zelsky chuckles "you took it really well."

"Sir, you got me so sub that night... I went deeper with every swat. I had
to suck your dick. I had no choice. I descended into sub headspace like
never before. You owned me, Sir... and I loved it." Kevin shares
laughingly.

"Well, I'm certainly up for more, Kevin." Zelsky states.

"Sir, what's your schedule this week? When do you fly back?"

"I'm here to advise on some things on the base, here, so I'm not entirely
sure what my schedule is, but I doubt that I'll be here for more than 4 or
5 days. I'll have to book a flight back when I know." Zelsky advises.

"Sir, I will help you in any way that I can. Tell me what you need. Will
you be mostly on the base or do you need me to drive you? I will need to
book a car with the Motor Pool if necessary." Kevin tells him.

"The first thing I need to do when I get to the base is visit with Sergeant
Brown. That will help determine how long I will be here."

"Sergeant, recreationally, what do you expect? What can I offer you? Kevin
solicits.

"I believe that you're asking me about sex, aren't you, Kevin?"

"Yes, Sir. I am. I'm wondering what I can offer... I remember that you
enjoy small groups, but I'm available to you at a moment's notice, sir,
whenever I can help out." Kevin commits.

"Okay, let me just put it out there, Kevin. I'm always interested in
receiving a blow job from you. You're the best. But I've also been thinking
about you and Tom together if you're up for sharing. I started imagining
you two right after you introduced me to Tom. You two are very sexy
together... and I'd like to explore just how sexy. But I also liked your
birthday scene too. That was very exciting for me. I'm usually in a hotel
room with one or two guys, which I love, but I definitely had fun at your
circus."

"Cool. I'll try to make something fun happen. But, yes, Tom would love to
have some fun with both of us, maybe even tonight. But can I change the
subject for a minute?" Private Jones asks, "I went to the Dore Alley Street
Fair with Anton and Sergeant Brown. It was very fun and very kinky. It was
all about leather, rubber, impact play etc. Have you ever been to something
like that?"

"No, but I'm interested. I've seen videos, of course, it seems like
something I'd enjoy. What did you like about it? Did you get loose?" Zelsky
asks.

"Oh, you know me, I always jump into the middle of whatever." Kevin says.

"So, Kevin, tell me something. What's your favorite kink?" Zelsky pries
again.

"When I first arrived at the base here, Sir, Anton called the men together
and they have a little welcoming ceremony where they line up and they
introduce themselves to the new guy while they're pissing in his mouth. My
Mouth. It was so much fun. I very quickly got into it and all the guys at
the House fed me piss over the first two nights." Kevin enthused. "I
immediately told all the guys how much I loved it, so that kind of happens
when we're using the showers."

"You drink it?

"Yeah. I love it." Kevin glances over at Zelsky to see his reaction. "Have
you ever done it?"

"Actually, I have recently. I liked it a lot. You remember Sergeant Johnson
at Bragg?"

"Of course I do. How is he?" Kevin asks.

"He's great. He wanted to try drinking some piss and he convinced me to let
him drink some of my beer piss from the tap when we were playing in the
hotel one weekend. And so, I did it when he was sucking my cock. I just
opened up and shot a load of piss down his throat. He was apparently very
thirsty because he kept wanting more and more." Zelsky recalls the story.

"Well, yeah. That's pretty much always the case. Once you start to drink,
there's never enough unless there's more than one guy supplying." Kevin
confirms.

"Is Tom into it too?" Zelsky asks.

"Oh yes. Definitely." Kevin proudly shares.

"Then let's grab a case of beer on the way to the House. We'll get a light
dinner later and drink a few beers." Zelsky suggests.

"Awesome." Kevin replies with a big grin on his face. Zelsky is looking
pretty pleased as he watches the scenery pass by.

"Do you have a meeting set up with Sergeant Brown, Sir? Kevin asks

"I don't."

"Can I call ahead for you Sir?" Kevin offers

"Of course." Zelsky says appreciatively.

"Hi Tom. Sergeant Zelsky is in the car with me. He needs to meet with the
First Sergeant when we arrive at the base. Can you make that happen? Okay,
good. Then I'll drive him to your office first stop...ETA about 60
minutes. Okay, thanks." Kevin ends the call.

__________________

Corporal Lansford buzzes Sergeant Brown on the intercom. "Yes Tom?"

I'm dashing out for that quick meeting with the Motor Pool Guy. You're
going to have a meeting with Zelsky when he arrives on the base in a little
less than an hour. And I'll be back before then, okay?"

"Yep." The First Sergeant acknowledged

Tom, realizing that he's a couple minutes late rushes over to the House to
meet his Lunch Date, Private Sean Covin from the Motor Pool.  Tom is
standing at the front door of the House as Tom walks up.  "Wow, you look
really good in clothes too." Sean smirks.

"How about that?" Tom responds sarcastically. "Come on in..." as Tom
presses his thumb onto the reader and the door buzzes. Tom pushes his way
in. "Are you hungry or do you even typically eat lunch?"

"Ya know, I usually bring a sack lunch but I didn't today... so I guess
eating lunch with you was in the cards." Sean quips.

"We have a choice of protein drinks, protein bars or I can make a sandwich
or do a pizza in the microwave. Nothing but the best," Tom jests.

"Well crap, I was thinking `cheese burger'"

"I'd love to but I can't be gone that long." Tom tells Sean. "What's your
pleasure?"

"A protein drink actually sounds pretty good." Sean says.

"Banana or Blueberry? That's all we have right now, and frankly, probably
ever." Tom advises.

"Banana I guess... So tell me what you guys are all about here. My mind has
been racing all morning." Sean asks.

"Sean, we are, in fact, an intelligence unit. We host certain upper class
brass type officers." Corporal Tom explains," We are a group of Ambassadors
for these men who travel into our region, typically on Army business and,
frankly, they're often handsome gay men and shit happens. So we go out of
our way to take care of them. It's a secretive operation, but certainly our
clients are aware of what we do and they like to have fun with us. Our guys
here at the barracks are all young, sexy, gay men who have some level of
relationship with these clients. And the men, here at the House, as we
refer to it, are kind of like sexy frat brothers. So, the House is kind of
like a miniature Hotel and the men all get to know one another on a very
familiar basis. We actually are like a band of brothers here."

"I'm surprised. I didn't think there were that many gay men in the Army."
Sean says suspiciously.

"Yeah, it's not about being gay. Our guys are, but lots of these older
client guys were in foxholes with their best buddies during certain
conflicts and they mostly enjoyed at least an occasional blow job or maybe
even just sharing a good jerk off. And they might even be married, but they
miss their buddies in the trench. And you'd be surprised how much it means
to them to relive some of that. And then there's a whole bunch of them that
are really kinky and they love hanging out with us a lot."

"That sounds pretty hot. It must be exciting." Sean tells Tom. "How does
one become involved with this group? I mean, I'm typically bored out of my
mind up here in Utah. There are some hot Army guys but we can't really come
on to those guys. Do you even play around? You're a pretty hot man,
Tom. Even the kid that answered the door this morning or the guy that you
said hello to. Man, I'm gonna get hard here." Sean says as his excitement
level goes up right in front of Tom.

"Sean, we do fool around occasionally and it's mostly about having a
connection with each other, but mostly we're just happy to be here at the
house. We hang out naked quite a lot and if you want to come over and meet
some of the guys some time I'll introduce you around. But, Sean, this is
top secret type shit. You cannot share this with anyone. This is a secret
deal, okay?" Tom emphasizes. "You have my cell phone and I have
yours. Let's stay in touch and we'll see what might happen. But, Sean,
what's your favorite type sex?

"Everything... no scat or blood. I guess. I'm into lots. Love a good
blowjob." Sean describes. "Love to suck dick... I've only been fucked a
couple times."

"We're mostly subs here, Sean. Bottoms. Because most of the men we host are
more Dominant and Tops, understand?" Tom asks

"I've never really thought about it. I'm not very experienced. I just know
if I'm attracted to a guy. I think you're pretty sexy.

"Sean, I need to see some pictures of you without your shirt and pants."
Tom explains "Have any?"

"I don't." Sean replies

"Well, then I'll take some pics for you. Take your shirt off for me." Tom
orders him

"Right here?"

Tom: "Sean you've been here only a few minutes and you've seen more naked
guys than clothed, so Yes, right here."

Tom unbuttons his shirt and starts to reveal his slightly hairy
chest. Muscles, shoulder. Nice arms. Tom snaps a couple of pics. "Now your
pants."

Really?

"Hey, you want to be in the club, don't you? Isn't that why you're here?
Show me some enthusiasm, Sean. Show me your junk."

"Oh - kay..." Tom reveals a lot of hair below the waist. Not disgusting but
definitely needs to be groomed. Nice big dick. Probably large balls once
the forest is trimmed back. Cock is a little excited.

"Why don't you pump that up for me. Show me the good stuff." Tom
suggests. Sean kind of half heatedly pulls on his penis. Tom steps forward
so that both men are standing and facing one another. Tom puts his right
hand around Sean's balls and squeezes slightly, pinching Sean's right
nipple with his left hand, then rubs the chest a little and then strokes
his Right upper arm. Sean releases a moaning shiver. His nipple both get
pointy and hard and his cock quickly sprouts a couple of inches. Tom
dropped his right hand to pinch the bottom of Sean's scrotum, tugging down
on it. And like magic it grew hard within seconds. "Nice cock, Sean. Show
me what you got."

Sean continued to pump it up until it was almost ready to shoot when Tom
said. "Drop your hand." And he snapped a couple of pics. "Sean, stand up
really tall, back straight, chin out, eyes up." Tom snaps another few
pics. "Okay, you can get dressed."

Sean was somewhat humiliated. He hoped they were working toward the blow
job he was focused on. Sean was so into it that he was about to offer to
suck Tom's dick, which he hadn't seen.

"So, Sean, I'll invite you over here to the House when we have something
going on. Think about if you might want to come and join us."

"Oh, I've thought about it since I walked in. I want to come and join in."
Sean states.

"Then we should get together and discuss the commitment you'd be
making. Like sometimes it's around the clock, understand"

"Yeah, I think so." Sean says as he's getting dressed. "Thanks for telling
me about this operation. I want in."

"I will present you to the membership board. We'll talk soon." Says
Tom. "In the meantime, total confidentiality regardless of the outcome."

"Absolutely, Sir," Sean salutes the Corporal as he heads for the
door. "Thank you Sir."

"SEAN! Tom shouts. "You didn't finish your protein drink." Sean comes back
and grabs his drink and sucks on the straw kind of suggestively, wrapping
his big tongue around it as he looks back and wiggles his eye brows before
the door closes. Tom laughs.

Tom heads back over to the First Sergeant's office to report how the
meeting went and to share the pics he took. The First Sergeant advises Tom
to share the info with Anton and Kevin. "I'll be turning this type of stuff
this over to you pretty quickly. We'll talk about it together when you've
shared this. But, if he fits in with the House, he is fairly handsome. It's
great that he's already here on the base. We'll have to check his
background... and you'll have to train him to be a sub."

Not long after the Corporal returned to his desk, Sergeant Zelsky and his
Ambassador, Private Kevin Jones, walked in the front door. "Greetings,
Sergeant," Tom said as he stood. Tom grabbed the phone and pressed the
intercom button. Sergeant Zelsky is here to see you, Sir. Yes Sir, I will."

"Sergeant Zelsky, is there anything I can get you, a water or coffee?" The
Corporal asks.

"Hey," Kevin says, "That's my job." Kevin jokes, Tom laughed and even
Zelsky laughed.

"Sure, I could use a water." Zelsky tells him.

"I'll bring it right in, Sir." Tom said. Kevin blocked Toms path to the
water cooler, demanding a small kiss, which Tom gave him. "You wait here."
Tom took two waters into the office for both Sergeants. "Anything else
Sir?" Tom asked Sergeant Brown.

"No. Thanks Tom." Tom leaves the two Sergeants to chat about all the
changes that are going to be occurring. None of which he feels comfortable
sharing with Kevin, at least for now. He goes back and sits at his desk.

"How's it going with Zelsky?" Tom asks.

"Fantastic. It feels like we're old friends. In fact, he wants the three of
us to go to dinner, probably burger, but he bought a case of beer so we can
have some fun later tonight." Kevin reports excitedly.

Smiling, Tom asks, "Does WE mean the two of you or the three of us?"

"The three of us. And it was his idea, really. Piss is kind of new to him
and he really likes it. I'll tell you more later.

Tom smiles and is fully on board. "Do you know what this meeting is about?"

"He just wants to get a feel for what they need to accomplish so that we
can make a plan for his return flight. He says he'll likely be here for 4
or 5 days. He's advising on something that's going on." Kevin tells Tom.

"Did he tell you what it's about?" Tom asks.

"No. I'm not sure that he will share that. But, I don't have a feel for
that right now."

Kevin Jones takes a seat across the desk from his Buddy, Corporal Lansford
and they mostly just look at one another for most of a minute, when the
inner office door opens and both Sergeants walk out. Sergeant has his coat
in hand indicating to Tom that they're not coming back this afternoon.

"Come on Tom," Sergeant Brown says, "you're coming with us," which excites
Kevin. They all get in the van and drive the very short distance to the
House, where Zelsky will be staying.

"I'll get your bag, Sir." Kevin tells Zelski, who just says `okay'. He's
not used to being waited on. He's a hands-on guy.

Tom opens the front door and the 4 men march into the House. "Kevin, you
should show the Sergeant around the House, after you've shown him his
quarters... And, Sergeant, please let any of us know if you need anything
at all."

Sergeant Brown and Corporal Lansford take a seat in the Family Room of the
House. "Have you given any thought about what you're going to do with your
house when you're away? Are you going to keep it? Tom asks.

"I've given thought to it but I haven't made any decisions." Sergeant Brown
answers.

"Let me know if you want it polished up if you decide to put it on the
market. I'm pretty sure the Twins could handle that." Tom observes. "I
don't know what the dinner plans are but I THINK we're going to enjoy an
early dinner. Will you be joining us?"

"Yes, I'm coming with you for dinner. Then I'll go home and let you guys
have a nice little celebration." Brown shares.

"What are we celebrating, sir?" Tom questions

"Sergeant Zelsky and I are taking you two out for a nice dinner, in a nice
restaurant, for a change. Not Pizza and not burgers. And we're going to
tell Kevin about your promotion... and his." Sergeant Brown informs Tom.

"I thought we needed to wait to tell him." Tom puzzles

"Zelsky got the orders put through and he brought all the paperwork, and so
now it's official. So, now we can share it."

"Awesome. When will you tell Anton?" Queries Lansford

"Well, we could invite him tonight but the Sergeant and I decided to put
the focus on you two tonight." Sergeant Brown explains. "Tomorrow morning
we'll sit down with Anton in my office and give him the news. And, by the
way, I want you in that meeting."

"Yes, Sir. I'll be there." Tom says.

Kevin walks down the stairs with Zelsky, giving him the tiny tour of the
House. The Kitchen, showers, Gym, Protein bar. Coffee bar, etc. As they
walk through the Family Room, Zelsky says "Tyrone, what's your favorite
intimate restaurant nearby?"

"There's really only one that I know of, `Emilio's' about 20 minutes back
towards the airport. Tom, do we have a number for them, might we need a
reservation?"

"I doubt it. I'll find the number and call them."

Tom comes back a couple minutes later and says, "no problem, they're
expecting us. It's early so there's no need for a reservation."

The four men are all dressed in fatigues and will look formidable seated in
a fancy restaurant. There's no rush but the two Sergeants are excited to
impart the good news to their favorite young men. "Let's go." Says Zelsky.

"Exciting!" Tom observes. He knows he won't feel the weight of his own news
until Kevin hears it at dinner.

"More time for after dinner celebrations." Zelsky responds with a slowly
developing big evil grin.

The four get into the van, Kevin driving. Tom in the front passenger seat,
giving directions.

When the four army guys are seated together at a corner table, they order
their choice of foods. Kevin, sitting next to Tom, is a little
confused. He's never heard of some of the entries on the menu. "Well, what
do you feel like eating?" Tom asks in a very low, discreet tone.

Kevin: "Probably a hamburger."  Tom: "There aren't any hamburgers on the
menu. Maybe you'd like a steak?"  Kevin: "Probably, but I don't know what
kind is good."  Tom: "They're likely all good here."  Kevin: "What should I
order?"  Tom: "Order the Tri-Tip...it's this one," pointing to the
selection on the menu.  Kevin: "Okay."  Tom: "when the waiter asks how
you'd like your steak, tell him `medium rare."  Kevin: "thanks"

"What would you like to drink, Sergeant Brown?" Zelsky asks.  "Probably a
Cabernet or a red blend if they have it." Brown answers

Zelsky looks at Kevin and Tom and says, "I think we should be drinking
beers, don't you?"

Kevin feels obligated to remind Zelsky that he's not old enough to drink
alcohol.

"Don't worry about it. I'll order the drinks. He won't question me about
it." Zelsky states.

When the drinks arrive, one glass of red wine and 3 beers, Zelsky says to
the men at the small round table, "We are here tonight to
celebrate... Kevin.... Tom, Sergeant. To all of you. Cheers." Zelsky holds
his glass out to the others and they clink glasses and take a sip.

"Kevin," Zelsky continues, "There are some changes coming, which occurs
continuously in the Army, and I have the privilege of sharing it with
you. First thing is, and this is completely confidential, your First
Sergeant is being promoted. I won't go into details yet, but he's been
tapped to become an officer. He'll still be here for a couple of months
most likely, but he's leaving this job for another. So, he'll be leaving
the base for a while, but will probably be back. So, congratulations are in
order for the First Sergeant.

But that means that you're going to have a new Sergeant to take the place
of Sergeant Brown. Kevin... your new Sergeant is Thomas
Lansford. Congratulations, Tom. The Sergeants both raise their glasses to
toast. 3 glasses clink. Kevin's glass is a couple seconds behind.

Kevin is very happy for Tom. And flummoxed at the same time because he has
to work out what it means. His boyfriend is his new Army boss. "Oh my god,
that is so tremendous Tom... I mean Sergeant. I mean..." Kevin looks down
at his beer and then back up at Tom and asks, "does this change us?"

Tom responds: "It does not change us. We are still us. Though I may need to
bend over backwards with others from time to time, I think."

"Kevin, also, tomorrow morning we will inform Anton," Zelsky continues
filling Kevin in, "that he's being promoted to Corporal and will replace
Tom as the new assistant to the Sergeant. And, at that same meeting, he
will be told that you have been promoted to Private First Class and you
three men will continue to work together as a team, hopefully to run the
operations of the House and the program. Congratulations, Kevin. I've never
seen a promotion come down so quickly for any Private. You've only been
here for maybe a month and your great attitude has shined brightly. I'm so
proud of you. We are proud of you both. But this came about because First
Sergeant Brown was able to see leadership in you."

First Sergeant Brown holds up his glass to toast. "That goes for both of
us. I'm excited to be able to work with you both. And, by the way, Kevin, I
don't plan to disappear forever. I'll be back in some capacity... and one
more note here on a personal level, You three are the hottest and sexiest
men I've ever had the privilege of knowing."

Kevin turns to Tom, formulating his thoughts carefully. He extends his hand
to his best buddy, and says, "Congratulations, Sir. I'm very proud of you."

"I'm really proud of you too, Kevin. I don't think I've ever been prouder
to know someone." Sergeant Lansford tells Private First Class Jones. The
two men continue to shake hands for several seconds, aware that they can't
hug or kiss in public. But they want to.

During the course of dinner Zelsky orders 2 more rounds of drinks. Tyrone
is sticking with the wine. "Let's go celebrate. You joining us Tyrone?"
Zelsky invites.

"No, I don't feel like playing tonight, but I'd love to host a dinner party
at my place later in the week, if you have any energy left." Tyrone tells
his friends.

"We can make that happen." Tom says grinning slyly.

As they drive home through the Check Point Gates, Kevin asks if the First
Sergeant's car is at his office. He confirms. "Thanks for dinner tonight
Sergeant Zelsky. I enjoyed the company." Brown says as he steps out of the
van.

"You boys ready for some fun or do you have anything that needs to be taken
care of first?" Zelsky questions.

"no, we're ready. Probly should shower first," Tom says. "We're gonna hang
out in the showers tonight? We might get some company if we do."

"It's okay with me if we do. There's certainly no other place in the Army
that this could happen." Zelsky tells his friends." I'm gonna go get these
clothes off. I'll meet you in the showers."

"Meet you there," Tom replies. Tom and Kevin head for Apartment 14, pulling
their shirts off as they walk. "You know Kevin... this happened this way
for a reason. We've both been promoted because we're a really good team,"
Tom says excitedly. "I think this is pretty awesome, don't you?"

"I think so... but I never did anything because I thought I'd be
promoted. I just always want to do things to make the guys happy... and to
have good old sexy fun." Kevin analyzes

"But, Kevin... you can have fun getting things done while `team building',
and that's what you did."

"Actually SIR... that's what WE did... I love you so much. Do I have to
call you Sir now?" Kevin asks frenetically.

"Only when there are other guys around... and I don't mean Anton. The three
of us will talk like we always talked. I sure hope that Anton is good with
all this." The thought occurs as Tom speaks. "Anyway, let's go have some
fun. Ya know, it never occurred to me that Zelsky would be getting us
wet. It's kind of exciting."

"totally. I'll go grab a couple of beers for each of us." Kevin tells Tom.

Tom: "Does Zelsky drink piss?

Kevin: "I have no idea. Let's go find out."

The men arrive in the showers fully naked. Tom grabs a stack of white
towels from the Dressing room cabinet, behind the showers, where they're
kept. Kevin brings 5 room temperature beers out and puts them up on the
shelf above the showers.

Kevin looks at Tom, puts his arm around him and gives him a big slobbering
kiss in front of Zelsky, who smiles when he sees this. He walks over,
towering above them, and puts his huge arms around his two sex partners and
begins to join them in their big kiss. Kevin grabs a beer and opens it and
hands it to Zelsky, then another, and he opens it for Tom. And then one for
himself. They all drink deeply, trying to get more beer into their bladders
to add to their already full bladders. As Kevin drops to his knees between
Zelsky and Tom, he announces that he imagines that they all need to
piss. "I need to drink some Sergeant piss."

It didn't take either of these men to begin their flow. Like all men
pissing, it starts a little slowly and then GUSH, it starts. "Open your
mouth Kevin. You're not gonna be thirsty for long, boy."

"Sergeant Lansford pulls on his junk a few times to get it engorged with
blood. That does the trick. Tom's dick begins its journey upward, his
bladder is pleasantly full and waiting for the signal. Tom, is a little
self-conscious just being naked around this wall of a man, let alone
embarking on some very kinky play with his boyfriend's idol, who's new to
the sport. `Take a deep breath, Tom' he says to himself. `We all decided to
play together.'

"So, Tom, you a pisser or a drinker?" Zelsky asks.

"Both. I love both. My Buddy, Kevin, helped me experience both and we both
love Dom and Sub. I met Kevin in a little House introduction ceremony where
everybody pissed on the new guy. Kevin invited me to join him and he put
his arm around me and deep kissed me while some of the guys got us wet. And
then somebody aimed for our mouths. We continued kissing. It was so fucking
hot... and that's just the beginning. I love everything about it."

"Me too," said Kevin, on his knees in the shower. "Why don't you both piss
on me together? I need to get wet."

Tom, who had not taken his hand off of his cock, nor had he stopped
stroking it, readying himself for play, looks at Zelsky and says "I think
he deserves to get pissed on, don't you?" And the two larger men... the two
Sergeants begin to piss on Kevin. Zelsky on his face and Tom on his
chest. "Kevin, start licking his balls. Make his balls warm," Kevin does as
he's told and Tom turns to his left and starts pissing on Zelsky's cock and
balls, Kevin sucking in as much of the liquid gold as he could manage.

"Oh god...feels so good. That's a first." Zelsky beams.

"Glad that you like it. We have a whole case of beer to go." Tom tells
him. "I'm gonna taste yours Sergeant." Tom says as he squats in front of
the Large man, knowing that he has to set an example for Zelsky if these
three are going to get fully involved. As he sets his knees gently down on
the hard-white tile floor, covering the large shower room, Zelsky steps in
front of Tom and aims for his mouth. Tom did tell him that he wants a
taste, after all. Zelsky's 12 inch dick begins to deliver a solid stream,
aimed right at Tom's face. Tom opens wide and captures the truly delicious
used beer. Tom instinctively puts his lips around the head of the big cock,
following Kevin's example of how he enjoys consuming the precious fluid,
sucking on the cock head whenever there's a lull in the supply.

An experienced piss drinker never knows how long it's going to last so they
try to get every drop possible. But Zelsky couldn't possibly be empty this
quickly, Tom and Kevin just watched him drink 3 beers at dinner and another
just before play started. When there was a moment of nothing happening, Tom
reached over to Kevin, also on his knees, and pulled him in with his Right
arm. As Tom sucked on the head, Kevin serviced the shaft. Kevin rubbed
Zelsky's inner upper thigh and Tom played with his balls... until suddenly,
Zelsky's piss started to flow once more. Tom pulls Kevin over for a kiss,
and aims Zelsky's cock right at their mouths kind of implicating Zelsky in
their kinky and very sexy masculine games. All three of these men are into
the play. But Tom wants to push Zelsky as far as he can, knowing that Kevin
won't.

Zelsky's cock is like a fountain, a growing fountain, getting harder and
longer with every passing moment. It's evident that Zelsky is engaged in
this evening's activity. He loves to be serviced. He's used to being the
Dom top in any sexual activity, Tom wants to break through that barrier
quickly. After receiving a mouth full of delicious Zelsky beer piss, Tom
holds it in his mouth and stands up and grabs the back of the large
Sergeant's face and Kisses him with full force, dribbling some of the
goodness into his open mouth. Zelsky is stunned for a couple of seconds and
then tells Tom "wow. That's pretty good."

"I thought you'd enjoy that... maybe even as much as we do." Tom tells
him. "I mean, why should the fun be limited just to Kevin and me? Watch
Kevin's face," Tom whispers in Zelsky's ear. Tom takes Kevin's face in his
hands, slaps him, and then sticks his 10inch cock in Kevin's mouth. Tom
fucks his mouth a few strokes, getting his cock down into Kevin's throat
and then pulls back so that just the head of his swollen cock is left in
his mouth... and then Tom begins the trickle, which quickly becomes a
stream, showing a little dominance.

Kevin jumps a little in surprise, and grabs Tom's cock to hold it in place,
not wanting to lose the source of the stream. "OHmmm, Kevin moans as his
face shows complete satisfaction. Kevin has become a dedicated piss drinker
over the past month. As Tom continues to piss in his mouth, the stream
slows and Tom says, "My turn." Kevin understands and stands up. Tom grabs
his cock and holds it in front of his mouth, opening as soon as Kevin's
flow begins. "Love this. It's sooo good." Tom says even while Kevin
continues to feed him.

When there's a break, Tom moves Kevin's face right onto Zelsky's
cock. "Suck that... I'm gonna go grab some more beers. Be right back." Tom,
completely soaked with piss, walks into the kitchen and grabs a beer for
each of them. Owen West, scrounging around the kitchen for something to
eat, sees how wet Tom is and licks he back of his neck to confirm that it's
piss.

"You got room for another?" Private West asks.

"Yeah, buddy. We're in the shower. Grab a beer or two and get naked." Tom
invites Owen.

"Dude... I am naked." Owen retorts.

Tom shows up with 5 more beers because that's all he can carry.  Owen shows
up right behind him, completely surprised to find his House mates engaged
with the large, sexy Sergeant that everyone watched Kevin suck off at his
Birthday Party. Owen is smiling big. "Hello, Sir. Nice to see you again."

Zelsky answers with an equally big smile, "glad you could join us."

Owen drops to his knees next to Kevin. And opens his mouth as he looks up
at Zelsky, demonstrating his willingness to taste the tall man's piss. The
6-foot 3-inch Sergeant splatters his face just to humiliate the new
arrival, followed by a hard, steady stream directed at Owen's mouth. Owen
moved his face forward to take the big cock into his experienced mouth and
begins to suck on it... even while it continues to supply a full flow down
Owen's throat, swallowing as fast as he can.

Kevin, slightly jealous of the attention Zelsky is giving Private West,
jumps up and bends over, facing away from the Sergeant. "Would you please
piss on my ass Sir?" Kevin says as he spreads his beautiful glutes
enticingly. An ass that Zelsky remembers well, having fucked it on previous
occasions.

"You bet." Zelsky pulls his cock out of Owen's mouth and begins pissing on
Kevin's gorgeous, well-trimmed, pink butthole. Tom sees the opening left by
Zelsky and sticks his big cock in Owen's mouth before he has a chance to
change his mind. Owen dutifully takes the holy water and swallows all of
it.

"What a good boy, You are such a sexy urinal," Tom humiliates his buddy,
Owen. "Used beer is so delicious, isn't it piss-drinker?"

The message isn't lost on Zelzky, who continues to piss on Kevin's pink
hole. "Thank you, Sir. I love that." Kevin states. Zelsky spits on a couple
of fingers and steps closer to Kevin who is still holding his glutes apart
for Zelsky's amusement. He puts his arm around Kevin's waist and smears his
spit over Kevin's hole and after a few passes, sticks his middle finger
into Kevin's drenched hole. Kevin gives a little shudder. The sergeant
takes his left hand and grabs Kevin's nipple, holding him in the bent over
position. Zelsky bends over Kevin's ass and licks a large swath of tongue
over his crack a few times, recognizing the taste of the young man. As he's
settling in to the spontaneous snack, Tom pulls Owen over to watch Kevin's
ass get eaten. Tom nods to Owen and the two men begin hosing down Kevin's
butt hole, which gushes into Zelsky's mouth not so unexpectedly. Zelsky
suddenly stops in the assault until he recognizes what's happening and
realizes that this is all part of the pig play that he signed up for.

As all four men enjoy wetting down one another, Kevin looks back over his
bent-over shoulder and says "Sir... do you want to piss in my ass?"

"Sounds good to me." Zelsky replies. "You guys into that?" He asks Tom and
Owen.

"Of course." Tom says. "You, Owen? Have you ever had someone piss in your
ass before?"

"There's a first time for everything." Owen tells Tom, grabbing his face
and kissing the man that he doesn't yet know is his new Sergeant. "I'd be
honored if you were the first."

"Awesome," Tom says. "Bend over and spread your glutes like Kevin is
doing. Open your ass wide for me. Gooooood." Tom spits on Owen's hole and
slaps his ass a couple of times. Tom sinks to his knees and immediately
licks his hole. Forcing his tongue in steadily, lapping up any extra wet on
his back and ass. Tom stands up and slaps his ass a couple of more times
and drives his thumbs into Owen's butt hole, separating the large bud. He
drives his tongue in between the loosening thumbs. Spits a couple of
times. Big Tongue Swipe. Tom stands up and takes a forceful piss aimed at
Owen's hole. "Keep your hole spread, buddy. Open that hole up for me,
buddy." Tom's stiffness pissing right up against the widening hole, Tom
spits once again on his own dick and keeps forcing his way in. The warm
liquid driving against his hole helps it loosen up. After a few seconds,
Tom is in and starts to fuck Owen's hole even while still filling his ass
with piss. "That's perfect, buddy. Just keep taking it. I'm gonna fill you
up. And when I do, you're gonna squat over the drain and then I'm gonna
fill you ass with cum. You good with that, buddy? 

"Yeah, Tom, fuck me. Fill me up with your piss. I need this. Keep fucking
me... all I ever do is suck off my clients. I hardly ever get to play
hard. I like it rough, Tom. Keep going," Owen tells him.

"Oh I will, Owen. When you're full I'm gonna have you squat over the drain
and blow it out and then I'm gonna clean you out with a hose and then I'm
gonna fuck you. Got that Owen?" Kevin continues to pump his cock into
Owen's ass while he describes what's coming. "Sergeant," he addresses
Zelsky, you want a shot at this ass when I'm done with it.?

"Sounds hot, but I'm not quite done with this one." Zelsky says to Tom.

Tom: "That's good, I still have a ways to go." Tom tells Owen, I'm almost
done pissing in your ass, boy. So go over to that drain and shit it
out... which Owen does pretty obediently. "Okay, now come over here and get
on your knees." Tom pulls out the cleanup hose and puts a little lube on
the tip, stuffs is in Owen's relatively open hole and fills the boy's ass
cavity with warm water." Go over to the drain and void yourself again.
Owen fallows the orders. "Okay, I need to shoot a load in your ass, so bend
over... spread for me." Tom penetrates Owen's ass, shooting cum 10 inches
into his ass. Owen receiving the benefit of Tom's big dick, hitting Owen's
prostate with every thrust.

"Oh god.. soooo fucking good. You can do this every day if you want. I need
your dick in me." Owen shares.

"I'm almost done here. You got a load for this ass, Sergeant Zelsky?"

"Yup. I do."

"Good, shove your giant cock in here." Tom holds Owen's hole open for the
big dick. Zelsky shoves in as much as Owen's ass could take. He cud still
feel the warmth of Tom's fresh load inside Owen's ass.

"That is so fucking sexy. You have a beautiful fucking ass Owen" Zelsky
observes. "That was hot watching you load him up." He says to Tom.

Tom looks at the Sergeant, "take your time, enjoy the fuck. Piss in his ass
when you're done."

Tom lifts Kevin into a standing position. Grabs his face with both hands
and kisses him deeply. Kevin moans a little. He's defending into his Sub
headspace. "What can I do for you, Sir? Kevin asks Tom.

"I need to piss again in a minute. But right now I'm eating your face,
Private." Tom said with a smile. Tom's mouth and tongue was slobbering all
over Kevin's mouth, nose, ears, chin, neck and eyes. Tom tells Kevin to
suck on his nipples, which he knows Kevin loves to service. Tom interrupts
and tells Kevin to fetch 4 more beers. Kevin puts them up on the soap shelf
and hands one to Zelsky and one to Tom. During the course of play, Tom
realizes that Kevin is fully subbed to Zelsky, as he should be. But Tom
isn't done. Still has lots of energy and can refill his bladder. Tom takes
a few large gulps of beer and sets it down.

Tom instructs Kevin to lie down on his back on the tile floor. "Still
thirsty?" He asks Kevin.

"Of course I am. I'm always thirsty. You know me." Kevin states.

"I do, pigboy, I know you so well. Now open your mouth, I have to piss."
Tom straddles Kevin, lying on this back and starts to piss in his
mouth... and getting his face and his entire chest wet. Kevin starts to rub
it into his chest and hair.

Owen stands up after Zelsky cums in his ass. Tom says to Zelsky, "Nice big
load?"  The Sergeant replies "oh yeah."

Tom tells Owen to come over, stand in front of Tom, straddling Kevin. Tom
kisses Owen for a few seconds and then tells Owen to squat down over
Kevin's face. "Hey Kevin I have a nice juicy Zelsky meal for you that
Owen's gonna feed you. So stick your tongue out and start felching it out."

Tom signals Zelsky to come over and join him. The two sergeants start
pissing on Owen's chest, which falls onto Kevin's body as he's eating
Zelsky's load out of Owen's ass.

The men hear "whooooaaaa fuck" come out of Kevin. And Owen groans "I love
this so much". Tom puts his right arm around Zelsky and squeezes his hefty
right glute. Zelsky leans down and fully kisses Tom on the mouth. Major
tongue action, and in a hushed dark tone, whispers in Toms ear "You guys
are so fuckin' hot." Tom smiles broadly and stretches himself up to kiss
Zelsky passionately. "You too my friend. Thanks for playing with us." Kevin
continues to eat Private West's ass.

After everyone was showered and dried and Owen had returned to his
apartment, the three naked men walked up to Apartment 14. They all sat down
on the overcrowded bed. "You guys opened me up to some shit I didn't ever
consider. I NEVER thought that I'd be drinkin piss in a million years. But
you guys are pretty creative. Thanks for turning me on to all of this
stuff. It was really fun. I hope we get to play again before I leave."

"You know, I wasn't into all of this either until Kevin came along and
showed me some fucking awesome play. It's never boring around here, that's
for sure. We'd love to play with you again."


More soon....

---

Untitled (Chapter 18)

Date: Sat, 16 Aug 2025 13:57:30 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 42

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Kink and Piss and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay men. If you aren't interested, or this
is illegal where you live, please find another story to read.

Please help Nifty to continue performing their great work and entertaining
us. Please join me in contributing to Nifty $25 or $50 every couple of
months. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments. I hope you
enjoy this story.

The Precursor to this story is "The New Army Recruit"


Kevin Jones New Orders 42

Day 22			1700 hours


Tom dials the number for Bob's Chicken Delivery and order a package Fried
Chicken Dinner. "... And would you please tell Devin that it's Tom at the
Army Base and that we're having a small party. Sure. Thanks."

"They tell me that it will take Devin a while to get here as he has several
orders and that we're last on his route," Tom tells Sergeant Brown and
Kevin. "So he'll likely be over an hour. Oops... I'd better call the
gate.. which he does.

Kevin: "let us know when you're ready, Anton."

Anton: "Us?"

"Yeah, I decided I needed a little help lifting all that dick into my
mouth." Kevin tells Anton with a smirk on his face.

"How many is US?" Anton queries.

"I'm not sure, but we ordered chicken for 8." Tom says, "But that probably
won't get delivered for at least an hour. So I was thinking we should
probably have a little game beforehand."

"And what is it..." Anton asks "that I have to do?

"3 things: Take your clothes off, sit back in this chair and relax", Tom
tells him. "And the 3rd thing is to allow me to put this blindfold over
your eyes."

Anton: "ummmmm... okay, I guess."

Tom pulls the Sergeant, who'd been told to just linger outside the room for
a moment, into the room: Tom tells him, "we're just going to care for his
balls for awhile, and help him relax."

Kevin has already gotten naked for the event, leans down and begins to
tenderly lick Anton's large but tight, bunched up testicles, cowering in
their sack. "Does that feel good?" Kevin asks Anton.

"It feels great. They need some love," Anton replies

Tom goes off to find the twins. "Hey guys, tonight we're licking on Anton's
balls. You want to join us?"

"Cool." Answers David. "Can we be naked?"

"For sure. I will be in a minute." Tom replies before going to Apartment 14
to take his clothes off and join in, stopping in Noah Peltski's unit to ask
if he wants to join the party.

The more Kevin licks the First Private's balls, the harder his cock
becomes. After several minutes of handling these jewels by himself, he
turns to the Sergeant and whispers, "you're turn."

Tyrone gets down on his knees and gently sucks these big boys into his
mouth one at a time.

"Kevin, sitting back on the couch to watch says, "they need some serious
tongue bathing." Tyrone wiggles his eyebrows to acknowledge the suggestion.

When Tom enters the room sits on the couch and I'm in puts his arm around
Kevin and begins to play with his own balls, loosening them up a bit for
the fun to come. Tom turns to his left and pulls Kevin toward his face with
his left hand, grabbing Kevin's tongue with with own lips and into a
serious full on kiss. Kevin says, "I love this," to his buddy Tom. But
they're also enjoying watching the First Sergeant getting loose and joining
in the fun. They see that the Sergeant still has his pants on. Tom leans
over and unhooks the Sergeant's belt to loosen it and under the top button
of his pants so he can ditch them when he needs to.

Noah enters and witnesses his black boss doing his duty for his friend,
Anton. Noah removes his clothes, getting ready to jump into the impending
orgy. Tom invites him to come sit on the couch to get the lay of the land.

The twins arrive a moment later with big eyes taking in the scene. David
leans over and asks Tyrone, "can I help?  Tyrone gives him a thumbs
up. David crawls under the chair that Anton is sitting in, on his back and
leaning on Tyrone's upper leg and balls and stick his tongue in Anton's
crack, feeling around and licking under his balls.

Anton moans from the additional sensation, which contributes to his slowly
extending unit, which will gain the attention of his friends in due course.

Tyrone, extends his large right hand over David's chest and rubs his cute
nipples. David almost giggles as he's not used to sensuous attentions from
anyone other than his brother, he decides, instead, to just accept the warm
attention.

Kevin and Tom become aware that Anton's balls have slowly relaxed and
descended. Kevin asks how his balls feel now.  "So much better. Somebody
knows what they're doing," Anton announces. " But please don't stop."

Tom and Kevin look at one another with lust in their eyes... Tom softly
says "let's go" and the two men stand up. Tom tells Noah to go snack on
Tyrone's ass. Noah gets on his back and scoots under the sergeant's large
muscled glutes. Noah encourages him to sit down on his face. Noah's tongue
shoots into the large crack and starts actively licking up and down the
dark crevice.

Kevin and Tom move to either side of the tall, blindfolded Private. Tom on
his left side leans over and begins rubbing Anton's hairless, muscled chest
and Biceps... tenderly at first. But within a couple minutes will progress
to tweaking and tormenting.

Kevin moves to Anton's right side and lifts the large and mostly erect cock
and licks around the head for a little more than a minute before he takes 4
or 5 inches of it into his mouth... Sort of an announcement but this is
where the party begins.

Deke doesn't really know how to fit in to this jumble of bodies. So he
grabs Anton's upper left thigh and starts to rub it softly with his
fingertips.

After about six minutes of this, Anton, moaning, increasingly, the front
door buzzer sounds. Kevin realizes that the chicken is being delivered. He
signals for Tom to go answer the door. They're all completely naked so,
nobody's getting dressed.

"Hey, Devin, come on in.. drop the food on the table and take off your
clothes," Tom instructs him.

"Fuck, I was hoping this is what you meant when I saw the message that said
you were having a party." Devin tells him, " is there a reason for this
party?"

"kinda... a friend of ours was gone for a couple of days and when he came
back, he asked to get a blow job, But it turned into an orgy. You're here
just in time." Tom tells him. "You know all the guys except for the guest
of honor."

"Can't wait to meet him." Devin says

" You probably won't meet him until after you've sucked his cock... he's
blindfolded at the moment" Tom tells Devin.

"Awesome!" Devin says excitedly.

By the time Tom and Devin have reached the room where Anton is sitting
blindfolded, Devin is naked and looking for his spot to participate and Tom
has returned to his spot where he can tweak Anton's nipples. Devin stares
in awe at the scene. Tom calls Devin over and puts his hand on Devin's
ass. "Get your face up to his lips and start makin' out with him. Be really
gentle at first and then get passionate. After that, you can go after his
left arm pit. I'll hold up his arm." Tom smiles conspiratorially at
Devin. As Devin begins kissing Anton, Tom points to Devin, sharing the new
volunteer to service Anton. Anton is a bit confused because he's kissed
everyone at the House at one time or another and he thought his memory
registered all of those lips.... But he doesn't recognize the feel of this
guy's lips. After Anton pauses for a moment to gather his bearings, he
decides he should proceed more aggressively and put his left hand around
the neck of this fellow servicing his lips in such a pleasant way.

Anton could have pulled his blindfold off at any point because nobody
thought to bind his wrists. Kevin certainly knew that Anton would
predictably allow this scene to develop before he stopped any play. After
all, he ASKED for a blow job. He just didn't know how many gay soldiers it
takes to suck a dick. The answer is: 4 soldiers, the twins and one Chicken
delivery guy. But, Anton doesn't know that yet. But you know that he's been
calculating by counting the voices he knows and figuring out how many of
the Ambassadors are away from the House on assignment. But before Anton
blows a load, Kevin is going to put Anton to the test.

"Before you take you blindfold off, tell us what you know about the men
serving you right now. How many men? What are their names?

"Okay, do I get punished if I get it wrong?" Anton asks.

"Not this time. But for the future, everyone should take note that this may
carry a punishment for getting it wrong. The punishment to be decided by
vote of the antagonists in play. In other words, each person you don't
guess correctly gets to determine a punishment. So, there could be multiple
punishments. AND, in the future, the main participant will be chosen by a
drawing. So, for tonight, who are the servicers and what role did they
play? So, you need to guess right now, keep your blindfold on."

"Okay, I'm gonna say there were 6 men who were playing with me in some
way. Kevin was the main cock sucker, who was excellent, by the way. Tom was
playing with my nipples and maybe kissing me. One of the twins was rubbing
my leg. One was licking my crack. I don't know who was cleaning my arm pit,
Somebody was really taking care of my balls, but I don't know who, I don't
know, this is really hard. How wrong was I?

"Kevin was sucking your dick, that's an easy one." Tom is playing game show
host. "I was rubbing your chest and nipples, but so was Noah. TYRONE was
nursing your balls; David was licking your ass. So you got 3 right and two
wrong. BUT you need to be introduced to our guest who you've never met,"
Tom removes Anton's blindfold as he says, "This is Devin. He's the guy we
told you about in the car... so if we were playing for punishments, you'd
be receiving punishments from Tyrone and Noah,

"Well, kinda too bad that I don't get to receive my punishments. Do I get
to know how I'd have been punished?" Anton asks.

Tom say: "Noah, I think he would have gotten flogged."

"Sarge... what's yours?" Tom asks.

"I think probably gang fucked or making Anton eat everyone's ass for like 5
minutes each."

"Tyrone. Thanks for nursing my nuts back to life. That was fantastic."
Anton says.

Tom says: "Kevin, what's next?"

Kevin: "Anton owes 4 random blow jobs TO CONCLUSION or the service that the
recipient prefers. Everyone gets to choose from this bucket of names that
we wrote out. The receiver gets to choose the activity.

Anton picked Devin who wants his ass eaten.  Tyrone picks Tom who gives his
boss the choice of giving him head or getting fucked, Tyrone chooses
getting fucked because he liked it so much last time.  Noah, picks Deke to
fuck.  David picks Kevin to fuck him.

Tom says: "everyone gets to change after 10 minutes if you want. We eat in
30 minutes but the 10 minutes Starts now."

All of these combos were pretty natural, but Tom fucking Tyrone was a
little bit much for Tom as he had to get his dick hard to fuck his
boss. `Oh well, I let him choose and he chose my dick to fuck him' Tom
thought to himself. Tom was a little bit antsy about having to prove
himself sexually again to his very muscular, boss with a 14-inch
cock. Maybe he can get Tyrone hard at the same time and get distracted by
the very hung man.

Tyrone's ass had been pretty well lubricated by Noah when he was eating the
muscle ass only a few minutes before. Tom, on his knees, pulled Tyrone's
massive glutes apart and hock a big ball of spit on his ass, and then
rubbed it into his hole, sniffing his fingers when done, relieved that his
fingers were clean. Tom leaned over and ate Tyrone's ass for a couple of
minutes, which also served to get his dick hard again, and then Tom made a
decision to get his dick wet in the Sergeant's ass. It was nice. His hole
was very inviting and warm and just the right amount of wet. Tom pounded
his cock into the large ass for a while and then slapped his ass. The
Sergeant, was surprised but very receptive. "Spank your daddy's ass." So,
Tom hit him again harder. "Nice," Tyrone slurred a little. "Gimme more,"
and Tom did, this time it hurt Tom's hand, smacking that big, hard
muscle. But they both loved it. Each of them thinking that a leather paddle
would be more useful right now, but neither of them spoke the words,
probably because of their professional office relationship.

"Can I shoot in your ass?" Tom asked.

"I'd be honored if you did." Tyrone replied.

Noah starts to fuck Deke over the back of the couch in the Family
Room. It's nice, Noah thinks, but decides to get Deke to fuck him, though
this is not something Deke has done, except with his brother.  Deke objects
a little and Noah gets down on this knees, licks Deke's ass and then turns
him over and sucks his dick to get Deke pumped up. Once fully hard, he
places Deke on the floor and sits down on his 6-inch cock. Not too big and
a very nice change of pace for Noah, who is also a sub, as are all the guys
at the House.

Kevin talks with David for a minute to make sure he's ready... "You cleaned
out?"

"Of course, like you taught me." David tells him. David is excited to have
his `daddy' finger fuck him. He views this as an important step in
submitting to his chosen Daddy/Sir, which Kevin has never agreed to, though
he did give them a bit of direction and confidence when they met in San
Francisco several days earlier. "Will you fuck me Sir? I wanna be your
boy."

"Well, yeah, I'm gonna fuck you. But I need you to get me super hard first,
so get your mouth on my cock and start suckin it, boy." Kevin said, playing
along. "David, if you're gonna be my boy then you're gonna have to learn to
drink piss. Have you done that yet?"

"Only a little with my brother, but I really want to. Will you feed me,
sir?" David kind of begs Kevin.

"You bet. But let's do that in the shower room later. Not here. You might
spill."

"I won't spill any, I promise." David tells his Dom. "Will you spank me,
Sir? I really want that... please, sir? I can take it."

"Okay," Kevin agrees a bit hesitantly. "You tell me if it hurts too much."

"That's not up to me. I won't mind. Really. I can take it." David tells his
sir.

"Okay, bend over and hold your ankles." THWAP, Kevin spanks him moderately
hard. THWAP again.

"Harder, Sir." Kevin does it again, Twice more... Harder. "Thank you,
sir. That was nice, but really, I can take it much harder. Maybe you can
start harder next time. Maybe use a paddle or a cane."

Kevin is a little worried that he's creating a monster. "I don't want to
hurt you David. I really like you. I like you both."

"Have you ever gotten serious swats, Sir?" David asks.

"I got some really serious swats at my last birthday party. It really
fucking hurt, but I loved it. A certain soldier came to my party and really
got into walloping my ass. It hurt for a few hours. And afterwards I was so
into my sub headspace that I just wanted to suck his big cock and serve
him." Kevin explains the experience.

"Well, Sir, that's what I want too. I want to suck your cock and serve
you... just like you said. Can I do that for you... sir?"

"Yeah, I understand. You can do that for me. But right now, I'm going to
take you to the shower and teach you about piss." Kevin told David, loud
enough for everyone else to hear. "Let's go."

"Can I come too?" Devin asked.

"I wanna do that too." Said Deke and Tyrone and Anton.

"I have to piss," Tom added.

"Me too," Noah says

The shower is only 20 steps away and Kevin begins to consider that maybe
everyone is going to want to partake. Difficult to serve everyone. But
Kevin was somewhat relieved when he realized that Tom and Anton both had
full bladders. "Whew... I definitely wouldn't have been able to manage that
by myself he says to Tom who is standing next to him, getting ready to piss
on Devin. Devin, on his knees in front of Tom, playing with his own balls,
never having done this, watches Kevin and David closely, so, he too leans
forward and opens his mouth ready for Tom to fill it. Tyrone, who's already
let his love of piss be known at Kevin's party, also down on his knees,
play with his very large dick, Anton decides that he's going to satisfy
Tyrone's thirst... Kevin starts and when the sound starts to fill David's
mouth like a small waterfall, Tom and Anton are stirred to follow. Noah
decides to join Anton in feeding their Sergeant.

When his bladder is empty, Kevin walks into the kitchen and pulls out a few
beers and asks if anybody wants one. Everyone does except for Devin who has
to drive back to work shortly, several miles back toward Salt Lake City. He
was hoping that if he drank a couple bottles of water on the drive home
that his breath wouldn't smell of piss. The truth is that most of these men
are well hydrated and didn't really smell at all. But everyone there,
excepting Devin, had a beer so they could continue to contribute to the
party.

David and Devin, still on their knees in the shower, were instructed by
Kevin to kiss while he pissed on them. He aimed for their mouths so that
both of the guys could enjoy the stream while making out with each
other. "Good pig training," Kevin told them.

When Anton and Noah were both empty, Tyrone stood up and reversed their
roles, feeding both men slightly more pungent tasting piss than the first
round. But it was still really appreciated. Anton was particularly enjoying
his boss's piss kink. It makes him feel more like part of the family again,
even though he was only off bass and out of the loop for less than 48
hours.

When everyone was empty, which didn't happen all at once, the guys began to
jack off and suck off their buddies. That didn't happen all at once either
because as one guy would cum, they'd move along to assist by kissing or
licking a nipple, or some other intimate encouragement.

"Sir, I want to do that all the time. That was awesome." David told
Kevin. "Can we do that again tomorrow?"

"Probably not. I have a client I have to pick up at the airport tomorrow."
Private Kevin Jones explains.

As Devin begins to get dressed he realized that he hasn't gotten paid yet,
and, "Oh by the way, there's a bunch of fried chicken some sides on the
kitchen table."

Anton, still naked, invites Devin into his office and pulls out his wallet
to pay for the food. Devin, gesturing toward Anton's 11 ½ inch dick,
tells Anton, "can I get a taste of that before I leave?"

"Of course." Anton stands up and Devin walks around behind his desk and
drops to his knees and takes about 4 inches of Anton's impressive cock into
his mouth. Devin sucks on it for a couple of mins, knowing that the big
cock had blasted a load off only a few minutes earlier, trying to get his
tongue into the tall mans piss slit where a tiny residue of cum might be
lurking.

"Mmmm. Sweet" Devin smacked his lips, lifting Anton's heavy balls and
licking them from the bottom up toward the growing shaft. Devin just
couldn't get enough of his balls into his mouth.

"Will you give me another shot at this someday soon when I have more time?
I really want it." Devin stood up with a very happy smile on his
face. "Very fun evening."

Perhaps a couple of the guys might still be hungry.



Another Episode coming shortly....

---

Untitled (Chapter 19)

Date: Mon, 11 Aug 2025 17:07:20 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 41

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you think of the story.

Kevin has brought a good deal of enthusiasm to the Men of the House. He
wanted a very kinky birthday party and he got it... Then he went off and
caused a stir at Dore Ally. He even invited his Sergeant to a sexy
party. Kevin is also known the give the best head in the unit. But there's
so much more.


Kevin Jones New Orders 41


Day 22 0500

Private Kevin Jones and Corporal Tom Lansford woke up in each other's arms
This Monday morning, wondering if everything they experienced last night
was real. It seemed more like a porn story than reality. "I wonder how the
Sergeant is feeling about the whole thing this morning. I'm sure it will be
discussed when we meet the Sergeant at 1000 hours." Tom tells Kevin.

Kevin gets up to go downstairs to hunt and gather coffee for the two
men. He grabs a couple of protein bars while he's there. "Oh man, you read
my mind. I feel like I'm starving this morning." Tom shares.

"Really? I'm ravenously horny this morning. That was so fun last night,
seducing Devin like that last night.

"I think you're failing to recognize how imminently seducible the boy
was... or is." Kevin defends his actions.

"Look who's calling who a `boy'. He's older than you are," Tom reminds
him. "But then, last night you were definitely in Daddy mode. I mean, you
took over the Alpha role, didn't you?" Tom recalls.

"Well, we were all having a blast." Kevin considers. "But, mostly, I was
trying to get Tyrone in a fun sub headspace. I think we achieved that,
don't you?"

"Oh, yes," Tom thinks. "But I'm curious to see how he will think of
it. That was definitely a first for me. I mean, fucking my Army sergeant is
not something that I ever thought would happen."

"Do we know yet when we have to meet Anton at the Airport?" Kevin asks

"It's a good thing you asked. I could have missed this message. He's
arriving at noon. I need to ask the Sergeant about his meeting at 10 00
hours. Can we get something else to eat?"

Text to Sgt "Is it too early to talk? Call me when you can. TL"

Tom's phone rings. "It's the sergeant," Tom tells Kevin. "Good Morning,
Sir. How are you feeling this morning?

The Sergeant tells him, "Better than Good. I'm feeling quite alive, thanks
mostly to you two. Did you enjoy yourselves?"

"Yes, indeed. I'm feeling a tiny bit achy, but great. Sir, I'm a little
concerned that we may be stretched your hospitality a little too far."

"Perhaps my hospitality needed a little stretching. I was having a great
time. Thank you for indulging me."

"Our pleasure, Sir... Sir, we might have a conflict for this morning's
10:00 meeting because Anton arrives at SLC at noon."

"No problem, we can complete by 10:20." The Sergeant tells Tom. "Kevin can
be out of here by 1030 hours to meet Anton."

"Are you telling me to remain at my desk, this morning, Sir?" Tom asks.

"If you can find a replacement to sit at your desk and take notes and
messages, then you can go with Kevin." The Sergeant tells Tom.

Knowing that Private Noah Peltski didn't get assigned out this weekend, Tom
went to search him out, figuring that he'd be preparing his morning to go
for a run... or something.

Tom found Noah in his room, laying on his bed playing with his nipple with
his right and his hard dick in his left hand. "You look like you could use
some assistance with that."

Noah: "yeah, that would be great. I've been so fucking horny all
morning. Last night was amazing. Usually, when I'm having sex it's
one-on-one but last night was so much fun. All hot men. I hardly ever get
into a group like that. So, thanks for inviting me."

Tom covered Noah's balls with his right hand and jostled them a bit as he
gently grasped them, stretching them just a bit and pulled them down and
out, making Noah's dick a little bit stiffer, Tom rubbing Noah's upper
thigh, he bends over and takes Noah's left nipple in his mouth and begins
suckling on it. Noah moans a good bit, he's been edging himself for a while
dreaming about last night's activities. Tom's attention kicked Noah into
overdrive and he was able to get over the launch threshold in seconds. Tom
excitedly jacking Noah's cock for a few seconds after blowing a load over
his muscly abs. "That was hot. Thanks." Noah said. "I was very inspired by
last night. I couldn't stop thinking about it. Do you guys do that often?"

"No, we don't...that was a first for me too." Tom replies.

"I can't believe how huge the Sergeant's cock is. Oh my god, I mean, I saw
it at Kevin's party but it didn't look that big until last night up
close... and the fucking was so on the edge. I was so hard all night. I
almost came down to your room so we could play more.

"Maybe later, but right now I have a favor to ask you if you're not busy."
Tom lays out his request. "I need to drive with Kevin to pick up Anton. But
I need someone to sit at my desk and take message or notes. Would you be up
for that?" Tom asks, furrowing his brow. "I'm only asking because I know I
can trust you and that you don't have any ambassadorial obligations
today. I'd be back in the afternoon."

"I don't know all of what you do... Would I be able to call you if I need
some information?" Noah wants to know.

"Yes, but mostly my job is just organizing shit, so it's kind of quiet at
my desk." Tom tells Noah. "And it's all very confidential, you understand,
right."

"Of course," Noah says. "Does the Sergeant ever ask for a blow job or
anything?"

`No, he never has with me." Tom firmly replies.

"Oh... too bad." Noah expresses his disappointment.

"So, anyway, I can meet you over at my desk after our morning run. I would
need you there by 10 hundred hours and I plan to be back between 1400 and
1500 hours, okay?" Tom advises Noah.

"Yeah, okay." Private Peltski commits.

Tom, stops by the kitchen on his way back to Apartment 14. He grabs two
paper coffee cups and fills them.

"Where did you go to?" Kevin says as Tom walks in and hands him one of the
coffee cups.

"Oh, Noah needed a hand with something. I went to ask him to sit at my desk
so that I can drive with you to pick up Anton." Tom informs Kevin.

"That's great. But, what about The Sergeant's meeting?" Kevin asked.

Tom replies, "He said that it would only be about 20 minutes long."

"Very cool. Wanna run with me? We could even do an abbreviated workout, if
you want... Are you horny this morning? I'm like still wound up from last
night," Kevin apprises Tom.

"Of course. Noah is too. I'm sure we all are." Tom relates. "Imagine what
Devin must have been thinking when he left last night when he was driving
back to the Chicken place. I'm sure his mind was blown. My mind was
blown. By the way, I spoke to the Sergeant this morning, he said `...thanks
for indulging me' so that sounds like he really loved it."

________________________

0940 hours

Tom and Kevin are dressed after their run and workout, headed to their
scheduled meeting with First Sergeant Tyrone Brown at 10 hundred
hours. Private Peltski is waiting outside of the Sergeant's office, "Good
morning, Private," utters Corporal Lansford." Most of what I do is fielding
phone calls, collecting notes and passing them along to whoever really
needs to take care of something. I try to not involve my Sergeant except
when necessary. My next most important priority is to deal with Calls from
brass who are seeking our services. So, you need to take accurate notes,
including accurate call back numbers. I hope you have good hand
writing. And you should call me if you get stumped or need help. And if you
need to run to the bathroom, you turn THIS switch on the answering machine
to ANSWER and then check the message when you return to your desk. I have
to go into a meeting with the Sergeant now. I'll check with you when we're
done, but, watch this... this is how I call the Sergeant. If there's a call
that you need to put through, I ask them to hold, `Sergeant, Corporal
Lansford and Private Jones here for your meeting, Sir.' And then you wait
for his answer before you hang up."

Sergeant Brown: "Come on in boys."

Tom: "Okay?"

"I guess so... I hope so." Peltski retorts.

"Walk in with us." Kevin, Tom and Noah enter the First Sergeant's office
and stand in front of his desk, the Sergeant remains seated.

"Impressive men. You certainly do look different with clothes on." Brown
says smiling broadly.

"Sir," Tom starts, "I wanted to reintroduce you to Private Noah Peltski
this morning as he will be manning my desk while I'm away from your
office."

"Okay, Private. Thank you, men. Noah, thanks for looking after me. Tom and
Kevin please be seated." Sergeant tells the men. Noah walks out and sits at
Tom's desk.

"Gentlemen, I've been thinking about Deke & David a bit," the sergeant
begins. "How can we help them, how can we set them up to succeed? I think
they can operate almost autonomously work wise, if we give them a bit of
supervision, management, encouragement. I think that what they can do is go
out and clean and paint and do all kinds of domestic chores, maybe even
airport transportation. So, I'm proposing that we start a little company
for them and that we will market their services to Army Brass to begin
with, but also to some business owners in the community that would benefit
from their services. Stuff like painting and maybe a little carpentry and
gardening if necessary, pressure washing. We'll have to arrange for some
equipment and a vehicle. Set them up on a path to make some money. AND,
because of what we do here, we can have the boys be like first class
Butler's in certain situations. So, we'd have to get them dressed for
success and then train them how to be perfect little waiters and cleaners,
and servers and such. And we can actually pay for some of their services
from the Army, some of it, of course, private"

"Sir, what kind of vehicle are you thinking about?" Tom asked.

"To start, I can contribute my car. I'm thinking of getting a new one
anyway. They'd probably need a van eventually. And you know, they might do
car cleaning as well when they have down time." The Sergeant thinks out
loud.

"How would we manage this?" Tom asks the Sergeant.

"Maybe we start a webpage. Let's find out what kind of tech skills the
twins have and then we'll figure out a calendar that we can help them
manage... But we don't want our names on it, so we might need to get the
boys a bank account and then a credit card." The Sergeant thinks out loud.

"Let's ask Deke And David what they think of the idea and maybe a
name. Then we can make up some Business cards," Kevin gives his input.

"Good idea, guys. Which of you is going to chat with the boys?" The
Sergeant asks.

"I think Kevin needs to be the one." Tom tells the Sergeant. "but we should
all sit in on it."

"I can do that. Tom, might need support, just in case I forget something?
Sir, What's the timeline on you getting a new car?" Kevin asks.

The Sergeant says, "I'll start shopping."

"Can I change subjects?" Tom asks. "If we're going to visit for the Folsom
Fair, I think we should make some lists: guests, rooms, vehicles, twins,
Greg, Anton, etc.... do we want to pursue this? Am I overstepping?"

"Tom... you're the organizer. You tell me what we need, the Sergeant
directs him.

"One more thing, Sir," Kevin asks, "I... We took some pretty big liberties
last night. Are you okay with the outcome?"

"I was. I very much enjoyed it all. I loved meeting a couple of guys. It
was good getting to know Peltski better and Devin was fun to watch. You
really did crack the hard shell of that egg... I think he'll be delivering
chicken here more often now, don't you?"

Tom: "would you mind if we invite him into the House on occasion?

"I'd love that." Kevin responded.

"Yes, but I'm asking the Sergeant if it will be okay to entertain Devin at
the House," Tom asks. "And one more question, Sir... You mentioned Greg
Miller in conjunction with Kevin's party. Would you like to include him at
a dinner party at your place sometime?"

"What a great idea. I've been thinking about him lately and wondering how I
might approach that subject, so, thank you." The First Sergeant
states. "And, you know, discuss Devin visiting the House with Anton. I'm
not going to approve that behind Anton's back. So ask him. It's okay with
me if he approves."

"Is that all, Sir? Tom asks.

"For now, yes." The Sergeant smiles.

----------------------------------

1028 Hours

Once, off the base, and behind the wheel of the Motor Pool Van, Tom asks
Kevin what he feels about the meeting.

"Pretty good. But obviously the Twins need to be into it or it would
fail. So, we need to see if they're excited about the idea." Kevin shares.

"So, something else I want to ask you about... Tom approaches cautiously,
"I remember that you and Greg Miller were working out together and I want
to know all about that."

"Well... Anton gave me to Greg to onboard when Anton was distracted. Greg
really liked me. Anton ordered us to fuck each other so that he could
understand more about me."

"WHAT?? Are you serious? Anton ordered Greg to fuck you? Tom is stunned.

"Yeah," Kevin answered. "Anton didn't know if I'd be good to match up to a
client or not so he told Greg to report back to him. He ordered me to Fuck
Greg too. It was the first man I ever fucked. Well, man or woman. So how
could Anton know.?" So, how did you get into this unit if nobody knew?

"Zelsky told Tyrone about me because I was going to be sent here, Zelsky
told the Sergeant that he'd fucked me and that I'd be great in Tyrone's
unit. I didn't even know that until I got out here and met with Sergeant
Brown. But it all turned out great. At least I'm lovin it," Kevin
enlightens the Corporal.

Tom: "So, I'm curious about Greg Miller, I hope you don't mind. I've always
seen him as wildly sexy and I kind of want to see him with his clothes
off. I mean, I saw a bit of him when you first got here and then at your
party. But he was always sucking on the Sergeant in one way or another. It
seems like the Sergeant is still interested, so I was wondering if you and
I could seduce him while we still had the chance. Would you be into that?

"Oh yeah, Greg and I get along very well, and he's got a great body, face,
dick. Muscles to die for. The one thing that you have to be casual about is
that he can get bitchy if he gets possessive." Kevin considers, "So, we'd
have to sort of capture his imagination together, at the same time. I had
fun with him and vice versa. So, sure, I'd be into that. Be warned
though... Greg and Anton are connected somehow, but I'm not sure anymore,
how deeply. Greg thought they were in love when I arrived at the House. So,
I don't think that you want to mention this to Anton."

"Got it." Tom responds

Kevin: "Tom, call the twins and let them know that we need to talk to
them. When are they going to be back at the House?"

"Hi Deke or David." Tom begins the Voice message on their phone. "Tom
here. When will you be back at the house? Kevin and I want to talk with
you. Nothing bad."

When the Van pulls up to concourse 3, Anton is just walking out to the
Curb, carrying his bag. Tom jumps out of the passenger side and runs to the
back door, quickly opening the double doors and tossing Anton's bag
inside. Tom slides the passenger side door open and Anton bends over to get
in, Tom jumping in behind him. Tom puts his arm around his seemingly
wounded buddy and says, "What's wrong?"

"Nothing's wrong, my balls are a little achy still, but they'll be fine."
Anton tells Tom.

"You want me to rub `em?" Tom asks sarcastically.

"Generally, yes... right now? No," Anton utters, "but I could use a nice
gentle blow job sometime this evening. I wasn't allowed to cum, as usual."

"So, we need to bring you up to date, since you've been gone." Kevin tells
Anton as he puts the van into Drive and moves slowly into traffic.

Tom grows a grin. "Yeah, some stuff you need to know about."

Anton: "Spill"

"We were chatting with Tyrone and talking about dinners," Kevin divulges,
"and he suggested that we do dinner at his place..."

"Yes, but first he was telling us how he needs more in his life." Tom
interjects, "We suggested having dinner gatherings at this place with some
of the guys. So, he let us invite Noah over to his place. We ordered
Chicken to be delivered and this delivery guy, named Devin showed up, and
he knew Noah, and it turned out they'd had sex before so the ice was kind
of broken and we told him that we're in a sex club and we made him sit
there naked in front of us... and, oh yeah, the twins were there too.

"So, I told this Devin guy that he had so show us his boner, and he was a
bit nervous so I told Deke to get him hard under the table," Kevin details,
"which he did and, eventually the Sergeant said it wasn't really a sex club
and Devin said he was disappointed that it wasn't because he'd love to have
sex with all of us. But anyway, we all got naked after dinner and everyone
had sex, including the Sergeant."

"And... how was the Sergeant feeling about that this morning?" Anton
queried.

"He was happy about the whole thing. He loved it. It seems he wants more,"
Tom shares. "AND, He's approved that we should celebrate everyone's
birthday with kinky parties,"

"Ummm," Kevin says, "what he said was that each guy can dictate the theme,
but all of the guys we've talked to want more parties like my birthday
party... lots of kinky sex!  So, maybe we need to suggest some creative
alternatives... though it might be hard for the boys that want more
kink. And it won't be fun if some of the guys don't want to participate.

"Noah had some really supportive things to say about how much the guys in
the house appreciate the heightened state of morale." Tom points out.

"It's really true that everything is more lively around the place. I feel
it too," Anton notes

"By the way, Noah Peltsky is sitting on my desk, I should check in with
him... are you guys up for grabbing some lunch?" Tom asks. "I'm pretty
hungry."

Keven tells Tom, "Find a restaurant and give me some directions. I'm kind
of unfamiliar with the area."

"I'd love a cheeseburger," Anton contributes.

"Me too," adds Kevin.

"There's a MacDonald's up about a quarter mile on the right... I've got to
check in with Noah."

"Hi Noah. It's Tom. Anything happening? Really? You got a phone number? No,
I'll call him back when I'm back on base. About an hour and a half, We just
picked up Anton at the airport. But, I think you should tell the Sergeant
that he called. Okay, thanks. "

"That sounded serious." Anton observed

"Yeah, a Captain called and wants to get hooked up with an Ambassador. It
seems he's coming to town.

_____________________________


1120 Hours

Noah buzzes the Sergeant via intercom. "I need to see you, Sir, when you
have a free moment."

"Now is a good time, Noah, come in." Sergeant Brown responds.

Noah enters through the door, and doesn't really know if he's supposed to
salute and say something to announce himself.

"Have a seat," the Sergeant says without looking up. Noah sits across the
desk from him. "What's up?"

"Tom told me that I should let you know that Captain Williams out of
Virginia will be flying out here in the next few days and he'd like to have
an ambassador assigned to him." Noah tells the Sergeant. "I'm not sure how
to proceed with that. Do you want his phone number?"

"Sure." Noah, hands the Sergeant a message tear off with the name and
number of Captain Williams. "Thanks, anything else?" Sergeant Brown asks.

"Yes, sir... I've been thinking about last night. I wanted to talk with you
while nobody else is around, if that is okay with you, sir." Private
Peltski inquires.

"I'm okay with it, if it doesn't get in the way of our business or the
Army, capish?" The Sergeant responds. "And all of this is totally private
and discreet."

"Understood, sir." Noah proceeds. "I felt so much better after I connected
with Kevin and Tom... and then you on last night. I generally feel a little
lonely and lost when I'm by myself. So, when I got to know you a little bit
better, I was pretty excited. And I just want to put it out there that I
would be really happy to connect with you any time you'd like, Sir."

"Well, Noah, I'm really happy to hear that, I must say. I, too, suffer from
a bit of isolation. And I too really enjoyed being part of the club, you
know?  How do you get along with Kevin and Tom and Anton?" The Sergeant
inquires.

"I do. Ever since Kevin's party I really felt like something more
worthwhile was going on," Private Peltsky reveals. "I really like
Kevin. He's got energy. Tom too. And they're both so sexy... I was really
surprised when they invited me to dinner on Sunday; It made me feel good to
be included. I don't really have any erotic reaction to Anton, other than
he's like our House mom, but sir... sometimes I just need to serve a
superior man, and I'd be happy to serve you whenever you need it. I'm sure
that I don't need to tell you that you are a very hot muscle man with an
incredibly sexy cock that probably needs attention once in a while."

"You are correct. It does. Perhaps we can visit once in a while and discuss
it further. Noah, I'm a bit trapped by my position." The Sergeant
explains. "I created this unit, which you already know, but I am generally
not able to participate with the men by virtue of my rank. So, let me ask
you, Private, if you're able to keep my official Army duties separate from
any kind of personal connection we have?"

"Yes, I'm quite sure that I'm able to do that." Noah explains. "But we've
kind of already started that last night, didn't we? I mean, I really
enjoyed the 'sex club' that we kind of started after dinner. I'd love to
continue being a part of that. But I also want to be able to be a good sub
boy to you, sir. I'm not looking to fall in love. I'm just looking to
service you when you need it. And I'm already bound by my military oath of
secrecy. I service some of the guys at the House, but I'd like to include
you in my circle of Friends with Benefits, if that works for you. I loved
worshiping your muscles."

"I'd like that, Noah. Thank you."

"You know, sir, it appears to me that I could assist you right now, if
you'll let me." Noah tells the Sergeant. "It's difficult to miss the fact
that your cock is getting hard, Sir. It's so big."

"Perhaps we should lock the outer door." The Sergeant says as he stands
up. "Don't go anywhere," the Sergeant says with a sly smile.

--------------------------------

1240 Hours

"It seems like a lot happened in only two days," Anton declares, as the 3
men await the cheese burgers they've ordered, along with Diet Cokes.

"There's more, The Sergeant thinks he, or should I say `we' need to get the
Twins set up with a little company for them to perform services, like
painting and cleaning and such," Tom informs, "And he's thinking that he'll
pass his car along to them and that we'll help get them started and help
manage them, teaching them along the way.

Anton: "Wow, ambitious! What do the boys have to say about it?"

"We left the meeting immediately after the discussion to be able to make it
in time to pick you up." Kevin tells Anton. "So they haven't heard about it
yet. I need to call them after lunch, see what they're up to."

"I'm really hungry. I need to eat something." Anton notes. "I've only had a
cup of coffee this morning."

"Is that because of your ball busting? Does it still hurt?" Kevin asks.

"It aches, but I really do enjoy it when I'm in sub headspace. It only
hurts a little when I come out of the sub headspace. Do you understand
that? I mean, does that happen with you?" Anton asks.

"I get into it whenever I really get into sucking cock or getting seriously
fucked." Says Kevin.

"I've only experienced it twice... once when Kevin slapped my face and then
when he gave me a serious spanking. It was wondrous. My head was swimming,"
Tom shares.

"Oh yeah, same for me when Tom spanked me hard and when Zelsky gave me
swats at my party. I was still under when I sucked his dick on the couch. I
was so into it." Kevin explained.

"You know, I get into it when I'm drinking from the tap. If I'm already in
that space then it keeps me there." Tom looks into Kevin's eyes when he
makes his comment.

"So, Anton, what do you need to take care of when we get back to the
House?" Tom asks. "I probably need to find out details about Captain
Williams as soon as I get back.

"I need to find the twins. Do we know where they are now?" Kevin
queries. "One more thing, I need to pick up Zelsky tomorrow. I guess I
should go check the room he's gonna stay in.

"Perhaps we should check in on Sergeant Brown, see if he has dinner plans."
Anton suggests

"Good idea. I'll check with him when I get back to the office," Tom
replies.

As the men climb into the van following lunch, Kevin calls the Twins
phone. "Good afternoon. This is Kevin... is this Deke or David, you guys
sound alike? Where are you now? Did the Sergeant have some jobs around the
house for you? Oh Good. Hey, Listen David. I want to have a meeting with
you about something... No, nothing bad. We just have an idea, so can you
come in with the Sergeant in the morning? You guys can stay at the house
for a while. Okay, then, see you tomorrow morning. Yes, I have plans in the
afternoon."

The van enters through the gate on the base. Kevin drops Tom off at his
office and heads with Anton back to the House.

Tom finds the office door locked and finds his door key in his
pocket. `That's so weird' he thinks. He unlocks the door and enters
expecting to find Private Noah Peltski at his own desk, but nobody is
there. A little concerned for his boss, he softly knocks on the First
Sergeants office door and enters, finding the pant-less Sergeant in a steep
reeling position on his black leather couch sporting a giant hard-on with
Noah's tongue deep in the Sergeant's ass. From the look on their faces, Tom
could easily see that the two men were well into their roles, both men
leaking copious amounts of cock drool all over themselves and the
couch. Both men moaning in delirious pleasure. "Oh good. I'm happy to see
that you are both feeling good. I'll just be outside at my desk..."

"Oh Tom... I didn't hear you come in. Sorry." The Sergeant tells Tom.

"Yes, indeed. I'm aware of that. No problem. Hi Noah... carry on," Tom
instructs the men on the couch. "I'll be out here returning calls."

Kevin finds the message pad and glances at the calls, including the one
from Captain Williams. Then he checks the answering machine, only a couple
of calls there to return. Good. Okay. He dials the number left for Captain
Williams.

"Hello, this is Corporal Tom Lansford from First Sergeant Tyrone Brown's
office calling to gather some information on Captain Williams travel
plans. To whom am I speaking? Oh, Captain, my apologies. Is there someone
else you'd prefer I call to gather particulars, Sir? ... Okay, thank you
Sir. Are you flying into SLC, Sir? Date? Airline? Flight? Hotel
Reservation? We can do that for you. How long will you be staying? Would
you like for one of our Ambassador's to meet you at the airport, Sir?
Yes. I will send you a picture of the Private that will meet you. Can I
send that via Text message, Sir? Yes. I will send you my contact details
and his contact details. Do you have any special requests, Sir? Yes, Sir, I
will make that happen, Sir.  You're Welcome Sir.

Tom begins the process of taking down all the details such as likes and
dislikes. This is a new client and there isn't much that they know about
Capt. Williams preferences, except for his request for a `Hot Private Boy.'
Tom will start the file and will, based on limited information begin to
pair Captain Williams with one of the 3 or 4 Intelligence unit's men
available during the Captain's duration and then, Tom will take the
information into the First Sergeant to review. The process starts. Tom will
ask the Sergeant what information he can find. Also, Tom thinks, `Zelsky
will be here tomorrow, I'll ask him what he knows about the Captain.'

Tom phones Kevin. "I need to get the twins over here so that we can discuss
the proposed business with them. Would you mind picking them up in the van?
Do you remember how to get to the Sergeant's home? Okay, thanks. You'll
need to bring them to the House, not the office. Right. No, Noah is in with
the Sergeant. I think it's an interview. Okay thanks".

Kevin runs up to Anton's room to find him putting away some unworn clothes
from his suitcase. "Hey Anton. Tom wants me to pick up the twins and then
bring them back here. Do you need anything from me?

"Yeah, I do. My nuts are going to need a tender tongue bath... some nice
warm slobber and a blow job. You guys up for that?

"Probably. I won't be gone long. We need to explain what's going on with
the twins. Noah is with the Sergeant in case there are any dinner plans
brewing." Kevin tells Anton.

The boys know to be packed up and ready for Kevin to pick them up. They
jump in the van with their bags, not really knowing what's going on. "We
need to meet with Tom, maybe Anton and maybe even the Sergeant." Kevin
explains.

"Cool. What's it about?" Deke asks Kevin.

"I think we should all talk about it as a group," Kevin explains, "But the
Sergeant has some good ideas about your future."

Kevin sends Text to Tom: "ETA to the House is 10 mins."

Tom knocks on the Sergeant's office door and steps in. The Sergeant's left
armpit is currently being cleaned out by Noah's tongue.

"Sir, the Twins will be arriving at the House very shortly for the talk we
set up. Will you be joining us, Sir?" Tom asks.

"Yes. Tom, could you grab one of the small towels in the bathroom? I need
to clean up a little." The Sergeant tells him." Tom returns from the
Sergeant's small bath room with two small white towels, each with a corner
soaked with warm water, handing one to each of the men. The warm towel
feels very nice to the Sergeant who compliments Tom on how well he
anticipates his needs. Tom just smiles.

"Would you like for me to lock up now, or shall I walk over on my own? Tom
asks.

"wait for me. We'll be right out," speaking for himself and Private
Peltski.

Tom locks the outer door as the Corporal follows out after Peltski and
Sgt. Brown.  "Noah was a pleasant surprise."

"Yes, Sir. I was surprised as well," Tom said in listening range of the
private, who seemed a bit deflated by the comment. "Perhaps we should
preview next Sunday dinner's guestlist in the morning. By the way, Sir, are
you familiar with Captain Brian Williams out of Virginia?

"That's a familiar name. We should ask Zelsky. Noah told me that he's
coming in and wants an ambassador," The Sergeant responds. "When does
Zelsky arrive?

"Tomorrow, Sir." Tom tells his boss." Kevin's picking him up approx. 1315
hours.

"Are you going with him?" the Sergeant asks.

"Kevin thinks he should pick him up on his own, this time." Tom updates the
Sergeant.

The three men open the front door of the House and let themselves in. "I'll
go find Kevin and the boys and you go hang out in the Family Room." Tom
directs the Sergeant before running up to the Twins room... stopping by
Apartment 14 on the way. He finds the boys getting undressed because they
want to be naked whenever they're at the House. Kevin tells them that they
should remain in street clothes because it's a business meeting.

Tom, Kevin and the Boys go down to meet the Sergeant. "Okay, we've all been
thinking of ways that we might contribute to your future," Kevin starts the
meeting. "Sergeant Brown thought of a way that you guys might be able to
start your own business and we all feel that it's necessary to get your
thoughts on it. The Sergeant thinks, and we agree, that you need to have a
business that allows you to earn money and become successful. You two did a
great job cleaning up around the Sergeant's place. We think that you could
probably make $300 a day pretty easily if you were working full time and
you wouldn't be able to work full time instantly, that would take some
marketing, you know, like flyers and business cards to get the word
out. Obviously, there are expenses. But if you do all the different
functions that you know how to do, you would likely be making $20 an hour
each and that's a pretty good start for a business."

"But, we don't have a car or an apartment or equipment or something," David
whimpers

"Guys. First, we're not kicking you out. You can stay here at the House
when there's room and you can stay at the Sergeant's house sometimes,
too. And, as for a car... The Sergeant is planning to get a new car in a
short while, maybe in a month or two," Kevin answers.

"Kevin, if I may..." The Sergeant interrupts, "I'm planning to let you
drive my car for free for a couple of months to get you started. And then,
after you're making some money, you can purchase a car, maybe mine. I will
help you by paying the insurance for the first 6 months. You have to pay
for insurance after that. Plus, I will have some business cards printed for
you to pass out. We'll print some fliers and we'll even help you manage the
business for the first year."

David looks at Tom, then Kevin and then the Sergeant in the eyes one at a
time. "Can we still do sex stuff with you? That's really important to
us. We trust you guys and we love you too. Both of us. You are our family
now. Can you still be our family, you guys?"

Kevin responds. "We care about you quite a lot. That's why we want you to
be successful, yes, we'll still be your family. But I want you to consider
something. Sometimes families don't always get along.. like with your real
dad. So, we want you to be able to make decisions for yourself and the way
to make that possible is for you to be self-reliant, like being financially
independent. We're not cutting you off. You're not cutting us off. But,
what might happen if something happens with the Sergeant? What if he gets
transferred or something? If you can't support yourselves then you could be
in trouble. Do you understand me?

"Yes, I guess so," Deke says. "We didn't think about that. But we know what
you mean. And we want to have s a job. So thank you for thinking about all
of this."

"You know, guys," Tom adds, "We know that it's important for you two to
stay together. And if we can make this work then you two can work together
every day."

"What if we want to be in the Army with you guys?" David asks.

"Allow me... "Anton considers, "most likely you wouldn't be able to stay
together. At least through boot camp. And there's very little chance that
you would be able to be brought into our unit, would there, Sergeant?"

The First Sergeant's eyes are wide as he sits back and considers the
question before him. "First of all, I don't know. Is this something that
you two have actually considered?

"Yes," say Deke and David in unison.

"I think it would be an uphill battle, but I'm willing to look into
this. In the meantime, men, are you two willing to start this little
business venture together?"

"Yes, sir." David says. "we need to be together."

Tom asks, "are either of you artistic? Can you draw? Or, more
specifically... create a logo?"

David asks, "what would it look like?"

"I'm not sure... Maybe two cartoon men carrying a ladder together," Tom
speculates.

"Tom, that's a great idea," Kevin expresses.

"Gentlemen," The Sergeant addresses Deke & David, "I think you too need to
talk about this a lot and for the next few days and them come back to us
with questions and ideas. Can we do that?"

"Yes, Sir, we can," Deke answering this time with a little bit more
excitement in his voice.

_________________


1630 hours

Tom asks the Sergeant if he can walk back to their office together. The
Sergeant agrees, "Of course, Corporal. What's up?"

"Well, Sir, a few things: The first is that you might want to admonish the
twins about the Army's policies against gay activities, if they are,
indeed, going to be exposed to regular army ever... Next, Kevin and I have
been talking about your next dinner party, Sir. We think you might want to
invite Greg Miller. Would you like to invite Devin, Zelsky?"

"Wow, what an idea. How long will Zelsky be in town?" The Sergeant asks.

"We don't know yet, but, Sir, Kevin might like to have a little party with
Zelsky, possibly with me and I was thinking you might be interested. With
possibly Greg Miller or Noah Peltsky, Kevin doesn't know which day is
possible at this point."

"Ya know, Tom... surprise me. I'll come if I'm able to. Where?" Sergeant
Brown asks.

"Sir, I think that's like asking where the bear will sleep... and the
answer is Anywhere he wants." Tom responds.

"What else?" Brown asks.

"Permission to push the envelope, sir?" Tom requests of the Sergeant who
gestures for Tom to continue." "I know that you and Anton are good friends,
you guys went to Dore Ally together, etc., Anton got his balls busted by a
Lieutenant Colonel in the heat of play, which Anton is okay with, but he
needs a little bit of buddy after care at the moment. He asked Kevin to
suck his dick and gently lick his balls. I will be offering my
assistance. I just thought you might like to be there for that."

"When is this happening?" asks the Sergeant

"Shortly, I would say, as soon as I get back into the House." Tom Replied

"Okay. Yes, I'll join you. But we'll have to get some dinner brought
in. This sounds like it might take a while."

"Yes, Sir. It might." Tom agrees. "Perhaps I should have some chicken
delivered?"

"Great idea, Tom." The Sergeant tells him. "better get enough for 8 in case
the twins join us."

Another chapter soon....

---

Untitled (Chapter 20)

Date: Mon, 4 Aug 2025 20:14:22 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 40

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/
All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you think of the story.

Kevin Jones New Orders 40


Day 21.      1800 hours


Anton steps off his flight in and collects his bag. He needs to get to The
Lieutenant Colonel Tom Barrinson's flight pretty swiftly to meet him at his
arriving Concourse., or preferably his gate if he can get there fast
enough. Anton certainly knows what the Colonel looks like, the Lieutenant
Colonel's has utilized Private William Anton as his Ambassador on several
occasions. Anton doesn't know anything about his schedule this trip
including when he'll be released to fly back to SLC.

Private Anton eyes the Lieutenant Colonel and stands erect and salutes as
he comes down the concourse on the way to the luggage carousel. "Follow me
Private." When they arrive at Baggage Claim, the Lieutenant Colonel points
at his bag and tells Anton to "grab that one." Stopping to then to lift his
own bag over his shoulder he finds that the Colonel's bag is much heavier,
no doubt from all the leather and metal restraint and impact gear that he
often travels with. Anton can sense that there is more gear stuffed n this
bag than the Colonel typically travels with.

Anton hails a taxi. The driver gets out to put the bags in the trunk. The
driver lifts the Colonel's large bag and says "Jesus, Mister, what's in
here, rifles?" Anton held the back door open and then two tall men got in,
Anton being 4 inches taller than Barrinson.

"Have you had dinner?" The colonel asked.

"No sir." Replied Anton.

"Let's get cleaned up at the hotel and we'll see what's available nearby."
Barrinson stated.

Anton pulled a card out of his coat pocket and looked at it. "There's a
Steak House in the hotel and some Chinese a block away," Anton advised.

"Good."

Anton took care of getting registered at the front desk and the men
proceeded up to the Room. Anton opened the Colonel's bag of clothing and
hung up shirts and put the appropriate clothes in drawers and his
toiletries in the bathroom, just as always.

"When you're done, strip and kneel on the floor."

Anton did this, but shows up in the kneeling position in only his jock
strap, face down, hands behind his back, which is typically what the
Colonel expects. "You clearly don't know how to follow orders. I feel a
tremendous urge to punish you, boy. I told you to STRIP, didn't I?"

"Yes, Sir. But you usually ..." Colonel Barrinson slaps Anton across the
face, hard enough that Anton had to brace himself from falling over,
extending his left hand to the floor so that he didn't tip over.

"It doesn't really matter what I usually ANYTHING, boy. My orders were to
STRIP. You need to listen to what I tell you. You LISTEN and then you
execute, got it?"

"Yes, Sir." Anton says.

"Open your mouth, boy" The Colonel grabs Anton's short hair and yanks his
head back and spits a big wad in Anton's mouth. "Swallow that." And then
slaps Anton again across his face. "We can do this all night you little
piece of shit... as long as it takes for you to learn to obey my orders.

"Yes, Sir," Anton responds.

"Open your mouth, boy. I need to piss." Anton opens his mouth and the
Colonel sticks his 8-inch cock on Anton's lips. "Lick the head, boy. My
cock needs to feel welcomed." Anton begins to lick the Colonel's piss slit
and it begins to fill his mouth with an entire bladder full of warm
piss. It continues for 3 minutes, but nobody's timing it. "Tastes good,
doesn't it boy?"

"It does, Sir."

"So get dressed we need to get some dinner. And I need to replenish my
fluids."

Both men get dressed to leave.

The Colonel decides to dine at the steak house, located off the lobby of
the hotel. The men sit down across from each other and begin to talk. "How
are things going in Sergeant Brown's Intel unit?" The Colonel asks.

"Things are pretty good. The Morale is high. The Ambassador's are feeling a
bit more empowered these days." Anton tells his Colonel.

"But is that a good thing? I mean, I like to dominate sub faggots." Colonel
Barrinson asks Anton. "Not little wimpy guys with little dicks, but big sub
boys with big cocks like you. You like being a sub-faggot, don't you,
Anton?"

Anton: "I believe that you're asking if I enjoy serving you, Sir. And the
answer is yes, I do. I am a sub, but I certainly don't think of myself as a
faggot, Sir."

"To put this in perspective, boy, I think you're a faggot." Barrinson tells
Anton. "You enjoy serving me, you enjoy having me fuck your face. You like
when I tie you up and fuck your ass. You love drinking my piss. You enjoy
carrying my bags, you enjoy getting slapped around and even swallowing a
big wad of saliva when I hock one into your mouth.

"If I may sir, I am a sub who enjoys the company of handsome Alpha men who
want to dominate me." Anton reasons.

"Perhaps I need to prove my point tonight, when we get back to the hotel
room."

"Sir, you don't need to prove anything. I've already said that I enjoy
serving you." Anton tells his Colonel again.

After the men finish their two shots of tequila each, they each order
steaks. The Colonel orders "two bottles of beer for me... and none for
him. We both need water."

The dinner continues, Barrinson dominating the conversation, telling Anton
about his jock military friends and their conquests, militarily and
sexually. Anton noticing that the Colonel is getting more wound up as he
continues to brag a bit, "Yeah, I'm gonna have fun tonight... You ready?"
He asks as he settles the tab.

_______________________________


Tom's Text Message to Sgt: "What do you think of our bringing Pvt Noah
Peltski to dinner? He has no knowledge of this."

Message to Tom: "Sure, up to you."

"Hey Kevin, what do you think of taking Noah Peltski with us to dinner?

"Ask the Sergeant," Kevin says.

"I did, he says it's up to us... Look we found the twins in his room. So we
pretty much know that Noah is available, right?

"Let's ask him." Kevin and Tom run up to Noah's Apartment again and, yup,
the boys are seriously servicing Private Peltski once again.

"Hey Noah, we're going to go to dinner in a little over an hour..." The
boys stop sucking Peltski's cock. "Guys, don't stop, Noah, Would you like
to go to dinner with us, it' just a bucket of chicken and some Cole slaw,"
David stops again to ask a question about the dinner. Kevin takes hold of
David's head and puts in back into position to continue licking Noah's
balls. "I told you not to stop David. It's your job to make Private Peltski
cum." "We'll drive, Noah, we have a car."

Noah: "Yeah, Sure. Give me a few minutes notice so I can shower."

Later in the evening, Kevin sees that they're about 20 minutes from
departure time. He goes up to Noah's room and finds Deke & David curled up
in bed with Noah, fast asleep. "Hey Boys, wakey-wakey... Got to get cleaned
up for dinner. Let's go."

The boys were very comfy, cuddled up but Kevin knew to be persistent. He
gives David a slap on the ass. David says, "Harder, daddy." Kevin
laughs. All three boys begin stretching their arms above their heads as
though it were 4am. Kevin grabs each naked boy's ankles and moves them off
the bed and onto the floor.

"Let's get in the shower... NOW! If I have to carry each of you to the
shower then I will." Kevin threatened.

"Okay, okay." Deke says and they all started to move, walking slowly toward
the showers.

"We're leaving for dinner in 15 minutes, guys."

All five men were dressed and out the front door at the appointed
time. Private Noah Peltski asks "Where are we headed?"

Kevin responds, "It's extremely casual, we're going to a friend's house and
we asked if we could bring you along."

"Okay. Thanks. I'm getting hungry. I'm not used to going out for dinner, ya
know?" Noah tells them.

When they pulled up to the first Sergeant's house, Noah still didn't know
where he was and just walked in with all of the other passengers.

"Good Evening men, please come in," says the First Sergeant. Private
Peltski stiffens up and begins to salute the Sergeant, still not realizing
where he was. "At ease, Private, welcome to my home, glad you could join
us."

"Yes, Sir. Thank you, sir." Peltski stands at ease with his hands behind
his back, striking a very sexy pose."

"Okay, Noah, We're all gathered here to have some dinner, I want you to
feel relaxed in my home and at my table, just friends this evening, Noah,
you okay with that?"

"Certainly, Sir." The Private replies.

"What time is the Chicken being delivered, Tom," asks Sergeant Brown.

"Just left instructions for sometime between 7 and 7:30. Tom says.

"Would you boys like an alcoholic beverage?" offers Tyrone. Everyone was
receptive to that. "I have some bourbon or some tequila. And some cheap red
wine."

The Twins want Tequila, Kevin wants tequila, Noah wants Tequila, Tom says
he'll have Bourbon, "...even though I've only tasted it once."

Tyrone responds, "Are you old enough to drink?

"No, but you knew that, you were at my 19th Birthday Party." Kevin reminds
him. "And you guys let me drink Tequila in San Francisco."

"Yeah, and we had a beer in San Francisco." David reminds Tyrone.

Noah tells them, "Yes but there's no drinking at the House except for beer,
so I'd love to drink some Tequila."

"Okay, okay, the bar is on the counter, help yourselves," the Sergeant
tells the men.

"So, Kevin, I understand that Zelsky's coming in shortly. You ready for
your first assignment?" The Sergeant asks.

"I think so. But, I'll probably have to call Tom a few times to find out
what to do along the way. But I'm not going out on assignment, he's coming
here and he'll be staying at the House so that will make it less
complicated." Kevin explains.

Noah says, "Wait... you've never had a client yet?

"Nope. But, Noah, I've only been in the Ambassadorial Unit for 21 days so
far. Is that unusual?

"God, I don't know, but it feels like you've been here for months," Noah
comments. "You've made so many things happen, and you know all of the men
in the unit. And they all like you, which is pretty unusual."

"Why is that?" The Sergeant asks.

"Gay men can be pretty bitchy sometimes, But nobody has anything bad to say
about Kevin, Private Peltski tells the Sergeant. "or, at least I haven't
heard anything."

Kevin is a bit embarrassed to be talked about. "Guys, I can run into the
bathroom if you want to talk about me."

"So, who is Zelsky? I've heard the name, but I don't think I've ever seen
him." Noah says.

" well, yes, you have seen him... He was at my party and he was the big
tall guy that gave me those very serious birthday swats with a paddle. I
think you'll probably remember him when you see him. He's gonna stay at the
house starting Tuesday, "Kevin says.

"Oh right, he's the guy you were sucking off on the couch, right?" Noah
asked.

"Kevin was under Zelsky`s command at Fort Bragg." That's how he became
involved with our unit. Zelsky referred Kevin to us." The Sergeant
interjects.

"How did you wind up in the Unit?" Kevin asks.

"Actually, I had sex with Private Anton on an Army Intelligence training
excursion we were both involved in, and I saw his very large cock at the
urinal one day and I asked if he needed help with that. I thought it was
hard because it was so big, but it turned out that he was just casually
taking a piss," Noah explained. "But we started talking and he said he had
nothing going on that night and wondered if I were up to sharing a beer. I
didn't understand what that meant. It turned out that he drank the beer and
THEN he shared it with me. I'd never had any piss experience before that,
but I really liked it. I got hooked on piss that night. So the next night
we got back together and I arrived at the room he was staying in but this
time I'd had a couple of beers and I really had to piss bad when I
arrived. He wanted it, so I `shared' my beer with him. The sex was pretty
great too. Afterward he asked what kind of sex I liked best. I told him
that I really like fucking but that my favorite thing is to serve a man. So
we did that for awhile. I guess he was testing me the whole time. He asked
me a bunch of questions that I couldn't figure out why he was asking me all
this stuff, and then he talked about himself liking to serve some serious
Brass and asked me if I'd like that. I told him I would. He asked if I'd
share my credentials with him so that they could check me out."

The door bell rings, "That's probably the chicken delivery. I'll get it."
Tom goes and answers the door and invites Devin inside, "Just put it on the
dining table," Devin came in and pulled it out of the delivery bag and
arranged it on the table.

"Hey Noah, I almost didn't recognize you, how you been? Devin says, "oh,
sorry... I don't mean to interrupt."

"You're fine" Tom says. "How do you guys know each other?"

"Long story," says Noah.

"I doubt that," Tom says. "I'm guessing it's a pretty short story. I think
we're all curious to know... and don't forget, you can't tell us NO.

Noah chuckles realizing he's trapped. Looking up to Devin who's still
standing while everyone else is sitting at the table, Noah says, "Do you
care if I tell?"

"No, it's okay." Devin answers.

"Okay, I met Devin on the base one day after he delivered some food to
another Barracks. He needed to take a leak. I wound up standing next to him
at the urinal and I couldn't help but notice his sexy dick pissing in the
trough next to me. He probably noticed that I was drooling a little and he
asked me if I was interested. I said `very'.  So we jacked each other off
in a stall. But we exchanged numbers and we've played around in his car a
few times, since we can't allow visitors in the House..."

"I sort of wanted more... but, I'm a horny guy who's always checking out
sexy guys, like Noah. I can't believe I'm telling all of you this shit, but
you're all so sexy I can't even stop myself. I'll shut up now," Devin tells
the men.

"Too late now," Kevin says. "Cat's outta the bag. You want to sit down and
have a drink with us?"

"Yeah. It's actually a good time for that. Sunday nights after 5pm we are
very slow. Mormons tend to eat early on Sundays."

"What would you like to drink? We're having tequila." Tom tells him.

"That would be great... " Devin says.

"I'll get it" Tom tells Tyrone.

"How do you guys know each other?" Devin wants to know.

"We're kind of in a sex club." Noah tells Devin.

"Really? How does one get an invitation to this? I'd LOVE to play with you
guys. You are so fuckin sexy."

"Well, do you like to be naked?" The Sergeant asks

"I do. Especially around sexy men." Devin tells him.

"Are you typically a top or bottom? Kevin asks.

"I'm mostly a sub bottom, but not always," Devin shares. "I'm up for almost
all gay sex."

"This is a secret club, Devin." Says the Sergeant. "Are you good at
seriously secret shit? Like never ever revealing anything?" Devin nods with
a big smile.

"Okay," Kevin directs him. "Take off your clothes."

"You gonna get naked too?" Devin questions.

"If you give us a good reason to, we will." Kevin tells the Delivery boy.

Devin stands up and removes all of his clothes and says, "See anything you
like?

"Yeah... nice body, let's see that hard dick." Kevin asks them. "It's a
little intimidating being naked in front of all you totally sexy men."
Devin defends himself.

"I understand. You have a cute little dick... but we need to see the whole
thing... the working model, not just the sample size, if you want to be
part of this club." Kevin tells Devin.

Noah, who's already sucked Devin's dick and enjoying Kevin's humiliation of
him. Noah knows first-hand that it's not small.

"Have a seat." Kevin tells Devin. "Sit down and join us."

Kevin: "Deke go under the table and suck Devin's cock." Deke immediately
follows his orders and get's under the table and starts to lick Devin's
balls. After Devin get's sufficiently hard, Deke takes his cock into his
mouth and starts with a pretty effective suck job. When it gets worked into
a pole, Deke uses his hand and Jacks Devin's rod until it's fully
erect. Deke retakes his seat and reports to the guys at the table that
Devin is "really stiff now."

Kevin direct Devin to stand up and show us. Now jack it a little bit, we
need to see that it works," Further humiliating Devin.

"Okay, Devin. Now we vote," Kevin tells him. "All those in favor of
allowing Devin into our sex club, raise your hands." All the guys raise
their hands. "We accept you into our sex club."

"Your initiation is that everyone here is going to fuck you." Kevin tells
him. "Do you agree?"

Devin agrees. "Yeah, okay."

"Devin," the Sergeant tells Devin. "We don't really have a sex club, we
just wanted to see if you're serious. But, yes, we might want to play after
dinner if you're still interested."

"I'm very interested. And I'm kind of sorry that it's not a real club."

"Can we eat now?" Asks David, "I'm real hungry."

Everybody begins by picking a couple of pieces of crispy chicken from the
bucket and passing the Cole slaw and mashed potatoes counter clockwise
around the table.

Kevin: "Deke, did you like sucking Devin's cock under the table?"

"I did." Deke looks over at the naked Devin, sitting at the table. "Sorry
that I couldn't finish."

"Did Devin's cock taste good, Deke?" Kevin asks.

"Really good." Answers Deke.

"So, maybe we should form a real sex club. I kind of like that idea. We
certainly have the talent," Tom observes. "It's a nice fantasy, anyway."

"Devin, if you were really joining a sex club, what would you think the
initiation should be?" Asks Tyrone.

"I'm already having multiple fantasies about each of the men at this
table." Devin tells the men. "Deke sucking my cock, agreeing to let
everyone here fuck me. That really got my juices flowing. But I guess that
I should be forced to suck everyone's cock or something. And then you
should force me to do something really kinky in front of the group."

"What's your favorite kinky fantasy?" Kevin asks with his mouth full of
chicken.

"You're just trying to humiliate me again, aren't you?" Devin objects.

Kevin: "yes and no. we are all curious to find out if your kinks match
ours... we have lots and we actually do have lots of kinky play between
us. So, in a way, we really are a bit like a sex club, I guess. But, yes,
it's fun humiliating you."

"Oh, well, I don't have as much experience with it as my porn fantasies
would have me believe. I'm willing to try a lot." Devin shares.

"Okay, let me ask it another way... What are your Limits?" Kevin continues
to lead the dinner conversation.

"Women, scat, children, I guess, nothing illegal." Devin establishes.

"How about Piss, Devin?" Kevin questions.

"I've thought about it, but I've never done it." Devin claims.

"Dude, that's bullshit." Noah announces. "You pissed in my mouth the first
time I sucked your dick in the bathroom stall."

"I did?"

"Yeah, you had a big load in your bladder when we met and you fed me some
of it. It was really great. You left me wanting more." Noah tells the new
boy.

"Well, I didn't know, it felt so good, I just thought I was cumming," Devin
explains. "I guess I was a little high that day and I couldn't tell the
difference."

"It's pretty true," Kevin shares. "A nice piss through a hard cock feels
great. I've had difficulty discerning between the two when my hard cock is
in a warm mouth. Like when I'm close to shooting and I think I'm spewing
pre-cum... and it turns out to be piss. And, as a sub, sucking a great cock
and all the juices are flowing. I'm just happy for all those tastes."

Noah's eyes are big with excitement. "You guys are gonna teach me some
shit. I'm pretty excited."

Tom says, "Fun meal. We ate pretty fast. I nominate Devin for desert."
Then, he reconsiders his statement and turns toward the host and says,
"With your permission of course. You okay with this?"

"Oh yes, it's kind of what I was thinking," Tyrone responds.

"Okay, Deke and David, you guys clear the table and wash the dishes," Kevin
instructs, "Lets get started." The men at the table stand up and begin
undressing. Kevin walks around the table and puts his arms around the very
naked, and semi-hard Devin. Kevin puts his right hand behind Devin's neck
and softly says "you ready for this?"

"I can't wait. But I'm also a little bit in shock. I've never had anything
like this happen." The 21-year old Devin tells them.

Still close to Devin's face, Kevin softly says, "Do you like big dicks?"

"Oh my god, yes. But I like almost all dicks." Devin says quietly back to
Kevin, who begins to kiss the young jock delivery boy. Devin melts a little
and his dick begins its ascent.

"Loosen my belt and pull my pants off... Oh yeah, first help me with my
boots." Devin does as he's instructed.

The Sergeant removes his shirt, and feels his own nipples, which are
excited and untypically pointy. Tom pulls his own boots off on the
couch. Removes his shirt and pants and sits for a moment squeezing his junk
through his underwear, workin his dick up a bit. "You know Tyrone, I've
never allowed my thoughts to wander off to what it might be like to have
sex in the same room or around you. But, you certainly are a sexy fucker. I
hope you're okay with this, as far as my getting naked in your house and
involved in what's going on here. I wouldn't have been okay with it but
after hanging out with Kevin this past month, I'm pretty okay with all of
it."

"You know... me too." Tyrone responds. "I think I'm already going through
some change, and, you're right, it kind of started when Kevin had the balls
to piss on me at his party. I loved that so much. It was so freeing. So,
yeah... I'm ready for this now too."

"Devin, this is my friend, Tom, who you've met." Kevin moves the compliant
Devin by guiding him by his shoulders and turning him toward Tom. "I want
you to kneel down and get his dick outrageously hard. Can you do that for
me?"

Kevin drops to his knees while guiding Devin into a kneeling position in
front of Tom. The two men help pull Tom's underwear down revealing a large
70% hard boner. "Make it fully hard, boy." As Devin licks Tom's dick, Kevin
also squeezes his own face into Tom's crotch and begins by licking his
balls. Kevin lifts his head briefly an says softly into Devin's ear. "The
Balls are so important. You gotta loosen up all that cum in his balls that
you want to shoot up through his dick and into your mouth, so you can taste
it."

Tom puts his hand on Kevin's face and pulls him in for a nice, but
energetic tongue kiss. "Thank you, sexy," Kevin tells him. Tom smiles at
Kevin as Devin continues to suck his cock.

Kevin, stands up, stopping to lick Tyrone's left nipple. "Oh fuck," the big
black man says in Kevin's ear.

"I think you need to get rid of those confining pants." Kevin feels
Tyrone's huge, growing cock through his pants. He squeezes it and it get's
even bigger, while unbuckling Tyrone's belt and helps to slide the large
man's pants off.  "Tyrone, sit here on the couch next to Tom. "Boys," Kevin
orders Deke and David. "Take off your clothes and get over here." "No,
leave your shoes on. You have a job to do. Deke, you put this testicle in
your mouth," Kevin holds up Tyrones low hanging left ball, "David, you take
this one. Now, mostly lick the balls in your mouth. No teeth. Just gently
arouse those big balls, boys."

"Noah, check this out." Kevin invites his house mate over to feel the very
large cock. "Watch this." Kevin takes most of Tyrone's dick head in his
mouth, not being able to fit the entire thing in his mouth, but it get's
the large cock to start spewing out some pre-cum juices. "Taste this,
Noah. Isn't this awesome?" Now, with three guys servicing the Sergeant's
manhood, Kevin walks behind the couch and leans over his shoulder and
pinches the Sergeant's large nipple gently, provoking a big sexy
groan. Kevin puts his right hand up to Tyrones right ear and turns his head
to the left so that Kevin can suck Tyrone's full face into a deep, sexy
full tongue kiss. Both men moaning with satisfaction for everything that's
going on.

"Okay, Deke, you suck on Tom's big dick for awhile." Kevin tells him.

"Devin... You like eating ass?" Kevin asks the Delivery Boy.

"I love it so much." Devin tells him.

"Good. I want you to eat Tom's ass for a while. Make him whine, okay? I
want you to get way in there with your tongue, Okay? Go deep." Kevin
instructs.

"Deke, you take Tyrone's left knee and David you take the other ... now
lift them both. Show me his butt hole. Lift it up Higher boys."

"Tyrone, pull your glutes apart." As Tyrone does that, Kevin spits on his
right fingers and reaches down and roughly slaps some spit on his hole and
rubs it up and down, inserting his middle finger into the Sergeant's butt
hole and manipulating it in and out several times, then lifting his hand to
his nose to determine how clean it might be, determining the next course of
action. It turns out to be pretty clean. "Keep it open, daddy." Kevin
instructs as he kneels down further and inserts his own face into the
Sergeant's hole. "Mmmmm, tastes pretty good." Kevin continues to work it
for a while, opening up his hole and toying with it. Tyrone is getting to
the point of being 100% hard, which doesn't happen often.

Kevin pulls himself up to Tyrone's face and kisses him. Tyrone gets to
taste his own ass. "Mmmm, Not bad."

Kevin asks... "do you want me to continue eating you out or would you
rather get fucked by everyone here?"

Tyrone: "actually, I don't want to get fucked by the twins. But I'd love it
if you or Tom fucked me. Maybe even Noah."

"How about all 3 of us?" Kevin asked.

"I will if you direct traffic. I'll leave you in charge." Tyrone tells him.

"Got it. David. Get down here and lick Tyrone's ass. Just keep doing it.

"But... " Tyrone started to object.

"Shut your mouth. I'm in charge, Capish?" Kevin smiled broadly. Tyrone
relaxed, knowing he was resigned to taking orders... at least for tonight.

"Hey Tom, come over here." Kevin orders Tom. "Pump up you cock, buddy,
you're going in first."

Tom: "You want me to fuck Tyrone? How is that okay?

Kevin speaks up so that the Sergeant could hear him: "You're going to fuck
him like you hate him. You're the boss and now you get to punish him. Do
it. He's gonna love your big dick, boyfriend... Get in there. It's a
beautiful Muscleman's butt hole."

"Okay. Tyrone. This is happening." Tom tells his boss. He pumps his cock a
few times and spits on it twice before he sticks his 10.5-inches into
Tyrone's large, muscular ass. "Your ass feels so good."

"So does your cock inside of it. Keep aiming for my walnut inside
there. You're doing great." Tyrone tells Tom.

Kevin's right hand on Tom's Left butt cake. "That's so fucking hot. Do you
see how hard that big ol' cock is getting? Do you remember how I told you
that I sucked his cock while I was fucking him? You're gonna be able to do
that in a few moments here. Let me help." Kevin assists by grabbing
Tyrone's huge cock and jacking it and licking the head. Kevin licks the
pre-cum off the large head of Tyrone's dick with his tongue, being careful
not to swallow. "Taste this." Kevin tells Tom just before he shares the
sweet taste with his boyfriend. Want to suck this cock together while you
fuck him? Kevin asks.

"Oh fuck, yes.. I do." Tom has difficulty speaking. His dick is working
overtime. But Kevin stretches Tyrone's dick up a bit so that both men can
work on the cock head together, looking at each other from either side of
Tyrone's big cock... Licking and tasting and slurping at the big dick. It's
pumping increasing amounts of clear goo and Tyrone's aggressors are loving
the effort. Kevin and Tom, both kissing each other with the head of the big
cock between them. Kevin says to both men, "are you getting close?"

Both men answer "soon" but not wanting the scene to come to an end, they
continue to work on the Sergeant's erect project. "We all want to see you
shoot., Kevin tells Tyrone. "I think it's gonna be big." Kevin's right hand
finds it's way to Tom's butthole and slides in just a half inch... Kevin
fingers the sexy star muscle, sliding out occasionally to stroke the hole
from the surface, encouraging Tom to Fuck Tyrone increasingly harder. Tom's
cum rises to the surface and directly into Tyrone's hole, who can feel the
explosion from the inside.

"David, get over here and clean up Tom's cock, Kevin orders the twin
brother. Noah, Are you hard enough to fuck this hole?"

"I'm wicked hard. I've been watching all of this. I'm totally horned."

"Get your cock in this hole, Noah. Don't be gentle. Slap his ass." Kevin
tells Private Peltski. Kevin grabs Peltski's face and firmly tells him. "I
told you to slap his ass." Peltski slaps the large, black, meaty
ass. "Harder," Kevin orders. And Peltski does as he's told. "That's
better... now keep fucking him. Pound it."

Peltski blows his load into the Sergeant's ass. "Very hot Private." "Deke,
clean up Noah's cock." Kevin orders.

"Noah, step back," Kevin instructs the man. "My turn," Kevin says, pumping
his cock as he steps forward." I'm inserting my cock in your ass now,
Sergeant." Kevin plows his way in, almost the whole way in like two
thrusts. He pulls his 7+ inch dick out again and spits on his hand and
Tyrone's ass hole." As Kevin slams his dick in a second time, he gave the
Sergeant's muscular cheek a good, solid spank. "This is it Tyrone. I want
you to shoot cum now. Show us what you can do ya big stud." After a moment
of thrusting and nobody speaking, Kevin tells the Sergeant, I'm gonna take
a piss in your ass now. I'm gonna make you my urinal, big man." Kevin
kisses the muscle man for a minute and then tells the Sergeant, "Your big
beautiful muscular ass is going to be my personal toilet. Here goes." As
Kevin stopped fucking Tyrone's ass, Tyrone could feel the full stream of
piss emptying into his ass. After about 10 seconds of this, Tyrone tells
Kevin to "Keep going. I'm cumming."  Everybody's eyes watched as the
Sergeant's cock began to shoot into the air and then sputter and then shoot
again, 4 courses of shooting and sputtering. It was a lot of cum.  All the
guys wanted to stick their tongue into Tyrone's stream of shooting
sperm. Finally, David, certain that he was going to have to clean it up
anyway started to lick up the cum off the large dickhead, kind of causing a
small chuckle in the group.

"Can I get a taste?" Asked Devin.

Kevin took his hands and gently bought the goo still in his Urethera up to
the surface... and there was a lot. "Devin, grab a taste," Kevin told
him. Kevin took a long lick and sucked it off Tyrone's cock, and the went
over to Tom and shared a good bit of cum orally with his boyfriend. They
kissed for a while, sharing the cum back and forth. "Do you think Tyrone
enjoyed his first dinner party?" Kevin whispered to Tom.

"I think so, but I sure did." Tom tells his partner.

A nice set of naked men sat around the couch and on the floor, nobody
knowing for certain if there might be more sex. None of the guys wanted to
leave, just in case they would miss something.

"I've probably been gone too long, so I better get back," Devin
says. "Thanks for a very fun evening. Call me anytime. I want more. You
guys are all so beautiful and sexy. One day, I want to know what the real
story is, since I know most of you from the Army base. But I'm willing to
do anything for more of this."

Tom tells Devin, "I'm pretty sure we all feel the same, but we need to take
it one day at a time. But, Devin, if you breathe a word of any of this to
anyone ever, you'll never be invited back, do you understand.?"

"Yes, and I'm sure that I'd like to be part of this group." Devin assures
Tom.

The Twins, cleaned up and decided to sleep at the Sergeant's home. "We'll
drive in tomorrow with Tyrone, is that okay?" The boys asked Kevin. "Yeah,
sure." Kevin tells them.

Is that okay, with you, Tyrone?

"Did you enjoy your dinner party?" Kevin asked Tyrone.

"Loved it all, especially the desert part. Thanks for making all of this
happen. I'll drive the boys back in the morning." Tyrone told them.

________________________________


Anton uses the electronic key to the Large Hotel Room, and unlocks and then
holds the door open for Lieutenant Colonel Barrinson to enter the
room. They get inside, take off their coats and the Colonel immediately
tells Anton to get on his knees.

"Open your mouth Urinal boy." Anton has been expecting this and is eager
for it. As he gets down on his knees, the Colonel begins pissing on his
face and, as if by accident, starts to spray all over his clothed upper
body, denying Anton the taste he was craving as well as a dry
shirt. "Oops. Too bad boy, I guess you'll have to get by being completely
naked in the room tonight. Get your filthy clothes off and get me a
drink. I'll have bourbon over ice. No water."

Anton removes his clothes, attempting to hang them up so they can dry
off. After all, Anton doesn't even know when Barrinson will be finished
with his ambassador's service. As he walks back into the room, fully naked,
he sees Barrinson sitting in a leather swivel arm chair, with his bourbon,
dressed in his Army Uniform. The Colonel tells Anton, "go get cleaned out."

"Actually sir, I'm very clean, Sir." Anton explains.

"I guess if you can't follow my orders I'm going to have to do this
myself." The Colonel stands up in front of the kneeling Private and places
a leather collar on him, locking it into place with a small keyed lock,
letting Anton know that he really doesn't have any other choice but to
follow orders.

Barrinson marches into the bathroom that has a large shower and takes the
nozzle off the clip, the shower head has already been replaced by a long
rubber attachment, suitable for deep cleaning, such as for fist
fucking. The Colonel orders Anton to bend over and spread his cheeks. He
spits on the rubber nozzle and places it right on Anton's butt hole. And
gives it a solid shove up Anton's chute, which causes some discomfort, but
not serious pain because Anton's hole is pretty well used. The sadistic
Colonel then turns only cold water on full blast to clean out Anton's
cavity, shocking Anton and causing a loud "FUCK" out of Anton's mouth. The
Colonel, turns him around and slaps his face hard. "Shut the fuck up, slave
boy. This is what happens when a slave won't follow orders." He yanks the
rubber nozzle out of Anton's ass and tells him to squat over the
drain. "Push it out. If it's not clean we'll have to continue until it is."

"Look slave boy... FILTH. I guess we have to clean you out again." This
time the Colonel leaves it on a little bit longer moving the nozzle around
in Anton's ass, and he makes Anton move around in various degrees of
sitting and squatting until he yanks out the hose again and again tells
Anton "Sit your cunt down and shit it out... okay, good, clean this
time. Follow me!" Anton, naked and wet follows Barrinson out to the large
bedroom. "Drop to your knees."

Barrinson has already laid out some restrains on the bed. He grabs the
nipple clamps and attaches the chain to Anton's chest, and then roughly
tugs on it to be sure that the clamps are secure and that they are painful
for his slave. "You love these, don't you? I'm always careful to choose
this set of clamps to make sure that they're not going to fall off your
large nipples. These clamps have the toughest bite of all of my nipple
toys."

Next, he pulls out set of ball stretching weights. "Pinch the bottom skin
on your balls, bitch and pull them taught. Hold it there." The Colonel
takes the heavy magnetic weights and attaches the bottom weight half to the
top weight. "Nice heft, isn't it? These will really elongate your low
hangers after 2 or 3 days."

The colonel adds some leather, locking wrist restrains, a leather full
hood, and then a piss gag over the hood. The gag has a longer plastic pipe
insert into the slaves mouth so that he is really prevented from
talking... just swallowing. He attaches Anton's wrists behind his back
together.

Barrinson pulls out his favorite new BIG squishy dildoe and places it on
the floor, greasing it up just a little, wouldn't want to make a mess, and
pushes Anton forward with his boot. "You're gonna love this in your ass
boy." The Colonel pushes the big toy into Anton's ass and then set him back
up straight on his haunches and tells him to sit down all the way onto the
toy. It doesn't feel like a toy to Anton at first, but after several
minutes of sitting on it, his ass will begin to accommodate it. After about
45 minutes of sitting in this position Anton starts to loose feeling in his
legs and he starts to moan.

"Does your ass hurt slave?" Anton shakes his head no. "is it your wrists?
Anton shakes his head again. "Your legs?" Anton nods.

The Colonel adjusts some restraints which allows the Private to stand up
for a moment. "Here, lie down on the floor. Legs out straight." Barrinson
shoves Anton's upper body down on his back. "Legs apart." The Colonel
reaches up to the toys he's laid out on the bed and finds a large wooden
spoon. The sadistic Colonel grabs Anton's balls and makes a fist while
holding the big testicles. He wacks the Slave's balls with the head of the
heavy wooden spoon, causing Anton to quickly inhale. The Colonel wacks his
balls again a bit harder. "Oh man, this is great. Control a subs balls and
you control the man." Thwack again, even harder."

"Hahhhhh. Oh fwauck."

"Listen to me cunt, you think I'm gonna stop because you're
complaining. Think again." The Colonel tells Anton. THWACK.

There's a knock at the door. "Oh guests, I'd better see who's there." He
opens the door to find a few guests he's invited over for the party; a
couple of the guests have brought a few boxes of beer. "Come on in, my
slave is waiting."

"I'm just getting him warmed up for you. This is what we've been doing."
The Colonel picks up the spoon again and wacks Anton's nuts

"AWWW SHWIT, fwuck." Anton exclaims through the piss gag.

"Oh, that's so hot," one of the guests says calmly. Another says, "I've got
to piss."

"Sit up slave, time to do your job here." Barrinson re-secures the trough
that had been knocked a bit off kilter, making sure the funnel is placed
correctly in Anton's throat. "Your urinal awaits."

The first guest pisses in the trough. And then another. Anton doesn't spill
a drop, making the Colonel proud.

"Have a seat, get comfortable, have a drink. All the men screw the top of a
beer bottle, take a swig, and begin undressing. Anton cannot tell how many
men are in the room, but he tries to listen for different voice
cues. Difficult when his hearing is dulled by the leather hood he's
wearing. He thinks there are between 5 and 8 men in the room.

"I'm horned up and ready to fuck." Says unknown voice one. Anton thinks
this is a medium height guy, maybe 5'10". He offers to help Barrinson get
the slave off the floor and onto he bed, face down. "It's great that you
already have him gagged. That's very thoughtful. "Get up on your knees and
spread your ass slave."

Anton accommodates the order. The first man leans over and sniffs the
slave's ass. "Smells clean." He sticks his face in and tastes Anton's butt
hole. "Oh fuck, this is pristine, boys. This is grade AA." He spits on
Anton's hole and manipulates it into the slave's hole. Then he drools onto
his own dick and rubs the head of this cock around the butt hole and
inserts his cock, which goes right in because Barrinson had opened up
Anton's hole with the giant dildo. "God this is perfect. I'll just get this
hole all slicked up with some cum. Easy fuckin..." The first man ejaculates
quickly.

Who's up next. "I drew number 2 out of the hat, so I get to go next." He
drops his pants and then leans over. "What does this taste like with a
little cum in it?" The unidentified man comments. "Ummm. Sweet." The second
man had a smaller dick and it wasn't as comfortable as the first. It took
this skinny top awhile to shoot cum, but he did.

"I'm number 3." Anton thinks this guy is a little heavier, maybe a bear. A
nice fat cock, which Anton could accommodate easily because his hole was so
stretched out from the dildo. `This is awesome' thought Anton. The fuck
took a nice long time, but Anton and the bear were both happy about
it. Everyone else was getting impatient.

Number four tells the slave, "I need to fuck your mouth for a bit to get
hard again, since number 3 took so long. "Can I piss in his mouth?" number
4 asked their host.

"Of course. But, since I have to remove this piss gag, do any of the rest
of you need to piss? 4 more guys agreed that this is the perfect time for a
piss break. Each one pissing in Anton's piss trough and then grabbing
another beer. Anton was impressed that there were a couple of men who
tasted better than the others, but he was grateful for the beer piss. It
tastes so much better. When all the men were done relieving themselves,
Barrinson disconnected the piss trough in Anton's mouth.

"You're going to suck this man's cock until he's hard enough to fuck
you. But no talking. Get up on all fours when he's hard, slave." The
Colonel instructs him.

Anton sat down the on the floor and opened his mouth, still wearing the
hood.

Fucker # 4 stepped up to Anton and held his head forward with the back of
his right hand. "You're an expert sucker, aren't you, slave boy? I'd love
to just fuck your face sometime. Sucking is an art form, getting fucked is
so passive. But, thanks Colonel for letting us use this slave boy. It's
kind of perfect activity for a Sunday night." The man's cock getting harder
with every moment. He was about to shoot in Anton's mouth when he realized
he was supposed to fuck the slave. So he stopped and flipped Anton over on
his back and fucked him to completion. "Very satisfying slave. That was
great."

Anton really wanted to tell the man, "you're welcome," but he'd been
instructed not to talk.

Three more men took their turn happily spunking in Anton's ass. Anton
enjoyed all the men fucking him. His favorites were the men feeding him
their piss. He actually grew to really like the piss trough, with the
built-in plastic pipe extending into his throat. That made him feel the
most subby. He wasn't fond of having his balls beaten, but actually was
happy to be so appreciated by the men who expressed their glee for having
used him in this way.

Colonel Barrinson fucked his slave boy at the end of the evening, in front
of his remaining guests. And again the next day. Using Anton as his
personal urinal every time he needed to piss, not using the toilet once
during Anton's stay.

"How do you know all these guys?" Anton asked the Colonel.

"They're members of a BDSM club that I've belonged to for years. There's a
chapter in every large city. San Francisco's is a little more active than
most.

Colonel Barrinson told Anton that he did, in fact, have real business to
take care of but that Anton was released to go back home. "I had fun Anton,
I hope you did."

"Happy to serve you Colonel." Anton said as he shook his hand as he picked
up his bag and walked out the door.

Anton took a taxi to the airport, eager to get back to the base and his
buddies... He called Tom's phone and left a message as to the details of
his arrival at SLC on Monday at noon.

... another chapter coming soon

---

Untitled (Chapter 21)

Date: Wed, 30 Jul 2025 06:50:25 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 39

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at

SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you think of the story.

Kevin Jones New Orders 39

Day 21			0500 hours


Sunday morning. The men slept in by only 20 minutes but they felt like they
were late for something. But they couldn't remember what.

"Coffee will help." Kevin says. "Tom, go get some coffee for us."

Tom jumped up and ran down stairs, well, it felt like running. It was 0520
so it was more like controlled stumbling. Thank goodness for the
handrail. Tom's full 10+ inch rod, bouncing all the way, definitely caught
the attention of two men, Private Porter being one. As Tom walked into the
kitchen Private Porter says, "That's impressive. Do they make you carry
that around by yourself? I'd be happy to offer some assistance." Tom,
smiled back at Paul as he took two paper cups from the stack and filled
them with a little sweetener and milk.

"Oh Shit. Not enough milk for both cups." Tom complains.

Porter smiles. "I know where you can get some creme."

Tom unsuspectingly falls for it and says, "really where?"

"I'll bring it to your room, Paul Porter tells him.

"Cool. Apartment 14." Tom tells the man.

Tom tells Kevin when he gets to the room that... " Paul Porter is going to
bring some creme to the room for the second cup, Kevin's cup of coffee."

Kevin grins, having a suspicion that Paul is more interested in sex. "Umm,
okay."

Paul walks into the room, naked and hard, and tells them both that he
couldn't find any creamer in the cupboards but "would you consider a creme
substitute?"

Kevin laughs and says, "sure, we'd love some," as Kevin reaches up to grab
and stroke the Private's dick. "Is your cream dispenser ready now or do you
need help with that?"

"That would be very nice. I always love a good team effort." Paul tells the
men.

Kevin slides off the bed onto his knees and takes Paul's nice cut 7-inch
cock into his mouth, pulling on his cock and balls to get things
started. Tom watches and starts to rub Porter's glutes with his left hand,
but not taking his eyes off of Kevin sucking the man's cock... "want any
help with that?" Tom offers.

Kevin: "Yeah, you can help me pull on Private Paul Porter's penis if you
like. Or you can get down here and help me suck this cock. Or, you might be
able to loosen up that load of creme by sticking your big bone in those
beautiful buns. It's kind of your choice, smiling up at Tom for a quick
second.

Tom started laughing at Kevin's alliteration. Paul hadn't been paying
attention to anything other than his cock getting sucked until he heard Tom
start laughing. Then he started laughing too. If I have a say in this, I'd
love to get fucked by either one of you. I haven't been fucked in weeks."

Tom says. "I volunteer. Kevin, hand me some lube." Kevin pulls out his top
bedside drawer and finds the plastic bottle of liquid lube. He smears some
on his cock and tells Paul to "bend over." Tom slides his slick cock up and
down Paul's crack making sure that some goes in his butt hole, his two
fingers slide in to spread it around. "I need to butter up the bung, before
I begin burrowing" Tom jokes. Kevin snickers with Paul's cock in his mouth,
forcing Paul to snicker as well. But then Tom inserts his big dick in his
Porter's chute and starts to pump like he was fucking a fleshlight.

"Oh my god," Paul says to Kevin. "Zero to sixty in 3 seconds. Impressive
pick up. He's hitting my prostate with every stroke."

"It's hard for him not to with that dick. It's the best, isn't it?" Kevin
tells Porter.

Kevin continues to service Porter's dick, but after a few minutes of Tom's
pounding, Kevin rises up on his knees and takes Paul's face in his hands
and begins kissing the man passionately, tweaking his nipples and tugging
on his balls alternately. Porter starts to slobber a bit, beginning to fall
into sub headspace trance. Kevin realizes that Paul needs to suck a dick,
so he stands up and pushes Porter's mouth down to his own cock and tells
him, "suck my dick Private. Take my dick in your mouth right now
Private. I'm gonna shoot cum down your throat and you're gonna shoot cum in
my coffee cup. Got that Private? Suck it." Paul puts his right hand on
Kevin's low hangers and begins to play with them, encouraging the juices in
his balls to cum to the surface and shoot into his mouth.

Paul disengages from Kevin's cock for a moment and jerks it with his left
hand. "I need your cum. Shoot in my mouth." Paul swallows Kevin's cock
again, this time taking it much further into his mouth and throat, as Kevin
continues to fuck his mouth, harder and deeper. Tom is doing the same in
his ass, matching Kevin's rhythm.

Kevin reaches over and tweaks Paul's nipple. And instructs him to "make me
cum, cocksucker." Kevin then slaps Paul's face, not too gently . Paul
Porter began his climax, but as his cock began to dribble cum, there were
no hands available to get the coffee cup into position and so it just
spilled onto the floor.

Tom was ready to shoot into Private Porters ass, plowing his pucker at
almost full speed, slowing down to concentrate on his own orgasm. He pulls
his cock out and strokes it s few times and just as he starts shooting, he
jams his cock back in Porter's hole and he completes his orgasm.

"Fuck," Kevin said, "we needed that for my coffee... wait, I know, grab
that cup, Paul, I'm going to finger felch that cum out of your hole, so
don't move." Kevin played with Paul's hole for a minute until the cum
started streaming out of his ass, mostly captured by the coffee cup. Kevin
stirred the newly captured creamer into his coffee with a small plastic
ruler he found in his desk drawer. And then he drank from the cup and said,
"fuck, it's cold. But it sure tastes good. Want a sip? He offered the cup
to Tom and Paul to sample, expecting they'd both reject his offer.

Tom took a sip from the cup first, "wow, that is pretty good," then passed
the cummy coffee to Paul who took a sip and smiled. "That's really great,
then took another big slug of the coffee, thanked his buddies for the
awesome morning fun and left the room... with the cup of coffee in hand.

Kevin put his arms around Tom as they laughed. "That was so much fun... but
I'm still need a cup of coffee."

The two naked men went searching downstairs for more coffee. They found
Anton in his office. "When do you want to leave for the airport? Kevin
asked.

"I need to be there by noon and it takes an hour and 40 minutes to drive
there. So, we'll need to leave by 1020."

"Okay, we'll be ready," Kevin says. "Tom, you want to drive with me or do
you need to stick around for the First Sergeant?"

"I'll let the Sergeant know what we're doing," Tom tells Kevin. "He doesn't
typically come in on Sundays and he's got a guest anyway. So let me see."

Tom's 1st Text: "Sgt: Driving Anton the the airport. Any reason you might
not want me to go?  Tom"

 Sgt's 1st response Text: "What vehicle and when do you leave?"

Tom's 2nd Text: "Van. Leave at 1020 hrs."

Sgt's 2nd Text: "Hank & I want to go with you. Hank has Monday Flt"

Tom's 3rd text: "Meet at House or Your Home?"

Sgts 3rd text: "Will meet you at Barracks House at 1020"

Tom marches into Anton's office with Kevin. "Okay, guys, a small change in
plans. The Sergeant and Hank will be riding with us to the airport. It
appears that we drop Anton off first and then Hank at a hotel, he will
catch a flight back tomorrow. Kevin, I imagine that we'll be getting lunch
afterward. But let's go plain clothes, can we do that?"

Anton chimes in: "If you're off duty and you have plain clothes you can
wear civvies but you have to have some level of Army shit, like a name tag
shirt or a insignia cap or jacket. I can't do that because I have to be
identifiable at my destination. Okay? You know you have Military ID and so
does the Vehicle.

"Thanks, Anton. I appreciate that." Tom says

"You know what? We need to tell the twins that we'll be off base for a few
hours." Kevin tells Tom. "You go check in their room and I'll go check in
the kitchen and gym." Kevin finds the boys cleaning out in the shower.

"Hey, we have to drive Anton to the Airport," Kevin tells the twins, "but
we'll be back like late afternoon. You guys want to watch TV? There's one
in the Family room." Kevin tells the twins.

"Do we have to get dressed in the Family Room? Deke questions.

"Nope you can be naked anywhere in the house." Tom tells them. "The remote
is here. We leave it on the table, okay?"

"So, did you enjoy our little scene last night?" Kevin asked

Deke: "We really like the sex part; we really like sucking your cocks. But
we want you to tie up our hands behind out back like in the movies."  David
"Yeah and spanks too."

"We'll have to figure out the bondage part later, okay?" Kevin tells the
twins. "Why do you want to get spanked?"

"Our Dad used to give us swats with a leather paddle," Deke explains.

David adds, "It was the only part with our Dad that we liked. If we did
something really bad he would punish us with a cane which really hurt. That
was our favorite."

"So sometimes we'd do stuff just so that he'd punish us ," Deke tells Kevin
and Tom. "So, Kevin, Sir... we want you to punish us sometimes."

"I see." Kevin replies. "Okay, I'll have to figure it out."

Kevin and Tom were left a little bit speechless for a few moments. As they
walked back to Apartment 14 to get dressed to leave, Tom grabs Kevin's left
arm and says, "You know. I understand this, Kevin. I want you to punish me
too sometimes. Not all the time, just sometimes. It's like, I want your
attention and I know that you're not going to damage me... and I know that
you like that Leather Daddy kind of thing. I crave it too, But not all the
time. Can't you relate to that? You understand why they want this, don't
you?

"Yeah, I guess so." Kevin says in earnest. "But I'm a sub boy too. The only
time I act like a Dom is with you."

"That's not true." Is Tom's rapid response. "I see you directing all of us
into some really kinky stuff. I mean, sometimes, in a sexual scene you tell
Anton to sit on Arlo's face or fuck someone. And he does what you tell him
to do because he's a sub and wants a Daddy to direct him just like all the
guys here. And, Kevin, you make it safe for all these guys because you
don't ever take it too far."

"You know when you spanked me the other night? I loved that. It hurt like
hell but I wanted to take it for you. I love your attention and I love to
be naughty for you." Kevin tells Tom. "My favorite part is that all the
guys here know when you're spankin' my ass."

"The twins are only a bit younger than you. They had to work out how to get
attention from their Dad, probably a while back." Tom pontificates. "I'm
guessing that they did some naughty things just to get their Dad's
attention... and they don't have that anymore. It's disappeared out from
under them. They're searching for their daddy. And right now, you're their
daddy, Kevin. You're the Alpha male in their life. You look like it, you
act like it. You're a stud, Kevin. And I understand this because you're my
daddy figure too sometimes. I love that look on you."

"You really think that they look at me as their Daddy?" Kevin asks, sort of
bewildered.

"Of course. Look around. Who else would fill that role in their lives? It
isn't Anton, It's not the Sergeant. They don't know me well enough." Tom
tells Kevin. "You're the one that gives them information, opportunity,
sex... Fuck, Kevin. You're their example of what's sexy. In San Francisco,
like Anton described, you gave them the most useful direction on how to
give a blow job... to each other. They couldn't even figure that out by
themselves. You're like the Momma that ducklings bond with. They really
don't know anyone else to get the direction that they crave... as well as
joy, sex, punishment, satisfaction. You're it for now. Like it or not."

"I never thought of it like that. I just thought that like we were on a big
cruise ship and I was like the entertainment director." Kevin explains to
Tom.

"Kevin." Tom said sternly, "You're not just the entertainment
director... you're the entertainment. Look at your Birthday Party that YOU
hosted. From the moment we met, you captured my attention. You captured my
imagination, you captured my desire, you captured my heart. All the House
guys loved how much you put yourself out there. But, even now, they seek
more of what you offered them at that party. And who do they turn to for
more? Kevin, it's not Anton or the Sergeant or me. It's you. Your very
positive attitude and your very sexy attitude causes all these guys around
you to look up to you. And the Twins are no different, except that their
desires are limited by their experience. It's what they know. But,
dude... these guys are depending on you."

"I think we should discuss this with the Sergeant... can we do that in the
car on the way home? I'm not sure what we should discuss in front of Hank,
`cause I don't yet understand the Sergeant's relationship with him yet. But
I think we're dropping Hank off at a hotel, so we can talk to the Sergeant
alone on the drive home, if you want to." Tom advises Kevin.

"Can I just hold you for a while? Maybe not talk about this for a bit, if
that's okay. I'm feeling a little overwhelmed and I just need to hold you,
Tom," Kevin confides.

"I'd love that, but we need to put some clothes on soon." Advises Tom.

_____________________________________________


1020 hours



Kevin and Tom meet in front of the House as the First Sergeant and Hank
pull up in his car.

"Hey Kevin, The Sergeant starts. "Do I have time to go talk with the Twins
for a moment?

Kevin: "Anton... we okay time wise?

Anton: "Sure, we can take a couple of minutes."

The First Sergeant walks up the stairs to the front door as he looks back,
"Where will I find the boys?"

Kevin: "They're in the Family Room, off the front door."

The Sergeant sees the back of Deke's head as he walks in. "Hi guys." The
boys quickly stand up and they are partially hard because they've been
playing with one another.

"Hello Sir," Deke says. "I'm sorry that we're naked, Sir.

"It's fine with me Deke, as long as you're inside this House, you're
good. Hey, I just wanted to thank you for cleaning up my house a few days
ago. You did a really nice job.

"Thank you, Sir. We can do lot's more stuff like that.

"Can you do gardening too?" The Sergeant asks.

"Yes. We can paint and clean and do gardening... and other stuff too,"
David tells the Sergeant.

"Okay, then let's put together a plan for what I want done at my house."

"Yes Sir."

"Have you been enjoying yourself here at this House?" The Sergeant asks

"Yes. We've been learning more and more. We're having a good time,
Sir. Sir? We'd like for Kevin to be our Daddy. Do we need to get permission
from you for that?" Deke asks.

"Guys, let me think about that, okay? Do you want to come back to my house
to live or do you really want to be here?" The Sergeant asks.

"Can we do both? We like the sex stuff here." David shares.

"I need to give that some thought, okay" The Sergeant answers. "We have to
drive to the airport right now and I'll be back later."

It is a somber mood in the Van. Tom holds the sliding door open for Hank
and the Sergeant and Kevin to get in. Tom is riding in the Front passenger
seat and Anton is behind the wheel. Once the van gets moving out on the
highway, it becomes apparent that Hank doesn't want to leave. The Sergeant
wants to take a break from an overheated sexual dynamic. "I will get some
things worked out and get back when I can, with your permission,
Tyrone. We'll figure it out."

"That's fine. We'll keep talking about it." The Sergeant replies.

... and then silence for the next several miles, until Tom speaks up. "Sir,
there are a couple subjects to discuss on our way home, are you up for
that?" Tom asks

"Yeah, sure. Might as well use the time productively." The Sergeant says.

The journey seems to go slowly as there is some discussion but really
nothing deeper than the local weather and some Army news, like a couple of
base closings, which typically turn out to be just political threats to
their surrounding communities.

Anton: "As soon as I get to my airline, I'll jump out curbside and grab my
bag. Are you gonna drive after that," he says to Tom.

"Nope," Tom tells him. Kevin is going to drive. I'm going to Navigate, so
Hank, what Hotel?"

Hank: "Embassy Suites." Tom looks it up on his phone and gets directions.

"It's just a few blocks away." Tom tells Kevin.

Kevin: "Very cool."

Kevin get out of the van too when Anton stops curbside. He runs around to
the rear door and grabs Anton's bag out. "Is this your only bag?"

"Yup, thanks, Kevin." Kevin puts his arm around Anton and gives him a `Bro
Hug'... no kissing, which both men recognize. They're soldiers in Public.

"Let us know when you figure out your return schedule. We'll meet you
curbside." Kevin instructs him. Anton shakes his hand and walks into the
terminal.

Kevin jumps in the driver's seat and starts the van again. He looks
carefully, but he drives away a little faster than he intended. A cross
walk cop waved his hands telling Kevin to slow down, which he did
quickly... and a tiny bit embarrassed that his Sergeant may have seen this.

"When you get up to the light, make a right." Tom directs him. "An eighth
of a mile turn left and you'll see the Embassy Suites up on your right."
Kevin follows the directions flawlessly, pulling up under the hotel
entryway. And pulls to the right in front of the door. Gets out and opens
the rear double doors. Tom opens the sliding side door and Hank steps out.

"I assume, Hank that this is your only bag." Kevin asks

The Sergeant also gets out and shakes Hanks hand, which was very apparently
disappointing to Hank. "Have a good flight. We'll talk soon," Tyrone tells
him and he pats him on his shoulder. Hank seems unable to speak. Kevin, Tom
and Tyrone jump back in the vehicle and drive away.

Kevin looks over at Tom and quietly tells him "I didn't know what to say so
I didn't say anything."

"Do you gentlemen want some lunch?" The First Sergeant asks. "I haven't
eaten today." Tom and Kevin happily agree to dine with him, Tom looks for a
diner nearby, finding `Dora's Diner' to be only a few hundred feet away on
the right. They pull into the parking lot. "This looks okay," The Sergeant
says.

As they are seated, Kevin leans forward and sort of whispers in a light
voice to the Sergeant. "If you want to talk about it, we'll be happy to
chat with you."

Tom almost passes out, feeling that Kevin had stepped way out of
bounds. "Sorry, Sir." Tom tells his boss.

"It's fine Tom. Ummm. We're going to go into `friendship mode here... Kevin
already is used to this with me but you and me haven't gone there yet
because I always felt that since we work in the same office it might be a
little burdensome for you. But, I know you and respect you and I believe
that you two men are pretty solid buddies with each other and with me. So,
just know that we might go in and out of this mode as needed. But, like at
the party, you can do or say anything and I won't hold it against you. But
I never do anyway." And he smiles at his two friends as he looks them in
the eyes. "Anton and Zelsky are really the only other two men that I share
this personal level of confidence with. But, the confidentiality remains
intact, capish?" The Sergeant says looking into Tom's eyes.

"Understood, Sir," Tom assures his boss.

"For the moment, I'm Tyrone... okay?"  Tom nods. The Sergeant takes a big
deep breath before continuing... "I've been going through a lot of
emotional stuff, most of it has to do with my being gay. And I don't have
any gay friends except for you two, Anton and Zelsky. And a little bit of a
connection with Greg, after the party. I really enjoyed going to San
Francisco with my gay buddies. It was an emotional boost. I got attention,
I had company, I was generally feeling on top of the world. It felt like
this is how being gay should be. Kevin, do I have permission to speak
freely?"

"You do, sure."

"Tom, I really felt the need to fit in to the group. I had only done that
previously at Kevin's party. I mean, I love leather and kink but everyone
stays a million miles away from me because of my position, which I
understand. I needed to get fucked, plain and simple. It had been
years. Here is the very Sexy Private with Anton and I and I felt like I
needed to get fucked. I had fucked Kevin in the sling at his party, which
created a bit of a bond between us. There aren't many guys who can take my
size, so that's another reason why they stay away from me. It's valid. But
Kevin wanted me to fuck him and he worked at loosening up his muscles so
that he could take me. It was a great compliment and very satisfying. Greg
chewing on my nipples for half the night was the icing on that evening's
cake. But that's another story.

So, when we were driving to San Francisco, I asked Kevin if he would fuck
me. He genially agreed. It was wonderful," Tyrone said looking directly
into Kevin's eyes, "as I'm quite sure you know. Then we met some guys at
Dore Ally and one of them was Hank, who took a liking to me. I was a bit
shy because I'm not overly confident in my superficial, public sexual
identity. Not like I'm confined as a Sergeant. I'm a hyper masculine Army
Sergeant. It's hard for others to know how to deal with me as the sub that
I actually am... So, got to know Hank a bit. We were both attracted to the
other. Muscle guys are attracted to muscle guys. It wasn't apparent to me
at the time that he's a dyed-in-the-wool sub also, it actually didn't come
up. We kissed and had fun touching and feeling each other's muscles. I was
his fantasy because of my big cock, I think. It was a fantasy filled
weekend and I loved it too. I wanted Hank to fuck me but he couldn't. He
comes out here and tells me that he is only sexually interested in me
fucking him. I tell him that my cock could damage him if I did that, and he
tells me he doesn't care... I care. Fuck. We decided to step back and think
about it. So, he'll call me in a few days. I'm not sure what I feel. So
that's where I'm at. It might work out and it might not."

But let me tell you the positive side of the past few days. I feel very
taken care of by you guys. Tom, I can't tell you how much it meant to me
that got me some groceries and some liquor, which was really quite handy,
because I hadn't even thought about it. I got caught up in fantasy
expectation shit and I forgot to buy food. And for you to get my house put
together like you did, it was great. The boys did a great job too. I felt
really proud of my place when I came home that day. I think I should keep
these boys busy for a while around my house. Get it all fixed up. You think
the twins would be good at that?

Tom: "Yes, they were very easy to direct. They simply did what I told them
to do. And they really wanted to please you."

Tyrone: "Well they did. And you did. I was really proud when we arrived at
my house."

Kevin: "Can we talk about the twins for a few minutes? The Sergeant
nods. "I'm a bit perplexed. They are so sweet, but they think they want me
to be their daddy. They really crave sex and kink and tell me that they
want to be my slaves. Which I think probably comes from their relationship
with their father. They really liked it when he would seriously paddle the
boys. Now they want that from me."

"I can understand that. Look around you Kevin," Tyrone tells him. "Who was
it that took them under their wing and started to direct them on their
sexual journey. Kevin: We're all looking for a daddy, me included. But you
stood up for them when they needed something. That's what I"m forced to do
every day. I'm forced to stand up and give somebody directions even while
I'm looking for that myself. Why do you think I asked you to fuck me in the
van that day? And then, I needed you to fuck me again, Kevin because I
couldn't get that from Hank. Tom, I don't know this, but I'm guessing that
you are looking to Kevin to be your Alpha daddy too."

"Yes, Sergeant... I mean Tyrone. I am. And he is as close to it as I've
ever had. But we've agreed that we'll alternate our roles every once in
awhile."

"And Tom paddles my ass really hard once in awhile... and I love it." Kevin
tells Tyrone.

"What about fucking? How does that work out?" Tyrone asks.

"We switch back and forth, like almost every time. We both love fucking. We
both love piss. The guys in the house often figure out ways to join it, so
that keeps it fresh." Tom tells him. "By the way a few of the guys have
been asking Kevin to put together another party. In fact, they're asking
for that to happen regularly."

Tyrone points out, "That kind of sounds great to me. It seemed like the
morale was boosted after that party. We have several guys in the
House. Let's get a list together of birthdays, maybe we need to celebrate
the Birthday Boys. Ask them what their theme might be. Then it might be a
little more random too. But next time I want to share the sling with you."
Tyrone smiles.

Tom: "speaking of morale... we had a delivery chicken dinner the other
night, with the twins, Anton, Arlo and us and we figured out that we really
liked to connect in that way... to chow down together. Can we do something
like that once a week?"

"Tom, figure out which night of the week most of the guys are back at the
house. Maybe I'll join you, occasionally." Tyrone speculates.

"I have a suggestion, Kevin tells the Sergeant, "This might be a bit
difficult, but I'd like to suggest that we have a small dinner party at
your home once in a while at your house. Get you to know some of the guys
from the House and them getting to know you, maybe one or two at a
time. Open up to them a little bit. Let them know that you're a great
guy. One thing might lead to another. You might wind up meeting some very
cool people. It could be like Tom and I could bring a guest to dinner. They
wouldn't even necessarily know where they were going. But we'd ask you
before inviting them."

Tyrone: "Would that be too much stress to these guys?

Tom: "I don't believe so. These guys respect you but nobody's terrified of
you. Nobody ever says a negative word about you, as is often the case in
other Army chains of command. I think that they leave you alone, but that
doesn't mean that they wouldn't like to know you. You are a big, muscular
daddy of a Sergeant. You're probably the fantasy of half of these guys. I
think they just need a chance to meet you on a personal basis."

Tyrone: "Really... only half?"  They all have a good chuckle.

And, by the way, you know those shorts I had at the SF weekend. Our tailor
made those for me. Did you ever get your leather shorts to fit right?
Hoffman might be able to help, OR make you some new ones. And, one more
thing... Folsom Fair is coming up at the end of September. Would you want
to go? I want to take Tom, with me. You know, to be my sub... because he is
so good at it."

"I would love to go. Let's see what the calendar looks like." Tyrone
says. "Would I be imposing on you guys if I hitched a ride?"

Kevin tells him, "I would love that. I'll tell Anton. Tom, you got a
harness to go with those boots? Let's get you a pair of leather shorts to
match mine. You wanna be my bitch?"

"No, I wanna be your BOY." Tom say firmly, but with a laugh. "Nobody's ever
called a bitch before."

"Tyrone. What do we do with the Twins?" Tom asked. "They might want to do
the Folsom thing too."

"You're probably right, let's ask em." Kevin says "But I've got another
question. Are there any leather restraints sitting in a drawer somewhere? I
can't afford to buy more stuff."

Tyrone replies, "I think I know a certain bag on the floor of my closet
that is likely to have such things. I'm pretty sure it's still in
there. I'll check."

The three men make it back to the base, but just a few minutes before they
arrive Tyrone asks about the Chicken Delivery place. "You guys feel like
getting some chicken delivered to my place for dinner?" Tom shoots a look
at Kevin and they both smile.

"Sure, what time? I'll order some sides too."

"Let's make it for 7. Bring the Twins." Tyrone tells them.

Tom calls the Bob's Hot Chicken Delivery and orders The Medium Sized bucket
of Fried chicken dinner that includes Cole slaw and rolls. "Is Devin
working tonight? He is? Okay good, can you have him deliver? Yes,
7pm. Thanks."

When the men arrive back on the base, they Park in front of the House. "I'm
going in to have a chat with Deke and David," the Sergeant says.

Tom and Kevin need to go on a search for the Twins. They quickly scan the
Gym and the Family Room, eventually finding them in Private Noah Peltski's
room, servicing his big dick and balls. Noah, leaning back against his
headboard with his arms folded behind his head, casually watching the boys
servicing his very nice cut cock and large balls. "There you are," says Tom
with surprise in his voice. "Guys, someone wants to chat with you
downstairs."

"Right now?" David asks.

"Yup" you can come back in a minute." Tom says.

The boys march downstairs to find the Tyrone. "I told you I'd think about
your need for a daddy. I gave it some thought. It's okay with me if you
want Kevin to be your daddy, but you need to get HIS permission. He has to
want to be your daddy and you have to convince him to do it. Capish?"

"Yes, Sir." The twins agree, though they seem less than convinced.

"We're having dinner at my house if you'd like to join us." Tyrone tells
the boys. "So go finish what you're doing and I'll see you at 1900 hours."

Deke: "what is 1900 hours?"

Tyrone: "it means see you at 7pm."


Another Chapter in about a week....


SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you think of the characters and
story.

---

Untitled (Chapter 22)

Date: Sun, 20 Jul 2025 13:44:27 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 38

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at

SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you think of the story.


Kevin Jones New Orders 38


Day 20           1800


Kevin find Deke and David still sucking Arlo's cock more than 2 hours
later. "Hey guys. Having fun?"

"Yes, we love to do this." David says.

"Have you learned anything? Kevin asks them.

"Yes. We learned that we need to suck right where Arlo wants." David says.

"What does that mean, David?" Kevin quizzes the boys.

"It means that if Arlo wants our mouth to lick his balls or his nipple that
he will put us where he wants us the most."

"And why is that, David?"

"So we can help make him cum." David responds seriously.

"And have you helped him cum this afternoon?"

"Yup, twice so far, but Arlo wants to go for 3 times, right?" David asks
Arlo.

"I do." Arlo tells David as he looks Kevin directly in the eye.

"How are you going to make that happen?" Asks Kevin

David responds. "He wants to fuck us."

"And how do you feel about that?" Kevin asks David

Arlo answers in a hushed tone: "They told me that they had to get
permission from you first."

"I see," Kevin responds. "Boys, let's chat about this for a minute. First
of all, do you want Arlo to put his penis in your butt hole? That's the
first question. Arlo, like most of the guys here in this house has a really
large cock. Are you ready to take such a big dick?"

"I don't know. Maybe you can you tell me?" David asks Kevin.

"Okay guys. Show me how big you can make Arlo's dick get." Kevin instructs
them. They get him up to his full 8inches. But Arlos' dick isn't as thick
as Kevin's cock, even though it's a half inch longer. "Did you have any
difficulty taking my cock in your ass?" Both boys shake their heads to
answer no. "Then I don't think you'll have any problem. I think you'll
enjoy it. Take a shower when you're done and come find me."

Arlo is lining up his cock next to David's hole as Kevin leaves the
room. Deke, who's been holding David's right arm is getting ready to suck
his brother's dick.

Kevin goes downstairs to the kitchen to grab a celebratory beer as Tom
enters the House. "Want to have a beer with me?" Kevin asks Tom who is
standing in front if him in his fatigues.

"Sure, it feels like we accomplished some shit today, didn't we?" Tom asks
as he puts his arms around and embraces his naked boyfriend.

"We did." The House is eerily quiet as a few of the men are out on their
ambassadorial duties, The House is kind of quiet with less men in
residence. The men left in the House are getting packed up and cleaned up,
most of them are not engaged in anything sexual as they may be required to
perform with their clients within the next 24 hours. Most of the sexual
noise is coming from Apartment 9 where Arlo is fucking the twins.  "Let's
go check in with Anton." Tom says as he grabs an extra beer to bring to
their tall compadre in his office. "Thought you might like to join us in a
toast to Kevin getting his Driver's License." Tom pops the beer can as he
hands it to Anton. The cans make a clunk sound as they tap their cans
together. "How was your day?" Tom asks.

"Interesting. It wasn't as hectic as I had anticipated. But I think that's
because you two took some of the load off my shoulders. So I was just doing
office stuff and picking up Hank at the airport." Anton shares.

"Yeah, I finally met him when he came in to the Sergeant's office." Tom
shares his thoughts. "He seems nice, but I was expecting a trophy boy of
some sort. I mean, he's handsome, sexy and a muscle guy, but I thought the
Sergeant would be with a guy more like Greg Miller. That's what I expected
was going to walk in the door. But Hank is a little bit like someone's
dad."

"Tom, that's kind of what our clients are like." Kevin tells him. "Some of
our clients look like Gladiators, but most are probably more like Hank. It
seems to me that maybe our Sergeant is more in tune with the daddies. I
mean, he's the guy that understands our clients and their needs. Perhaps
Hank is who he needs in his life right now... a Daddy!

"A daddy who will attend to him, if he can get the Sergeant to open up to
him. And it seems to me that the Sergeant is more open to something new
over the past few weeks. He's definitely on a change course at this point,
ever since your Birthday Party." Anton observes.

"Really? Kevin asks. "How so?"

Anton: "Look, obviously this is a kinky guy trapped in the body of an Army
Sergeant. He understands why a unit such as ours is required. He created
it. He's a player who isn't in the position to play. He let you piss on him
in front of everyone at your party. That never happened before. He was
taking advantage of the moment. He was making a statement to his men. He
wants to be able to play with us, but without giving up his rank or
authority. That's a tough position to be in. He went to San Francisco with
us because he needed it. He wanted sex. He even wanted to get fucked. That
was huge."

"What? He got fucked. I kind of can't imagine that." Tom said.

"Yeah, he said that he kind of needed that now," Kevin replied.

"Wait... YOU fucked him?" Tom was shocked.

"... um, yeah. That's what he wanted. So I did. " Kevin confirmed.

" Ah, ha ha ha...." Anton was finding this cat-out-of-the-bag conversation
quite funny. "It is what the Sergeant wanted, Tom."

"I'm kind of in shock. Why didn't you tell me this?" Tom wondered aloud

"Because we don't talk about what happens with our clients or superiors,
Tom. Ever. But you figured it out." Kevin reminds him.

"Kevin, does this change anything for us, it feels like it," asks Tom

"It doesn't at all. I swear. I was doing what a good Ambassador does,"
Kevin says. "As far as I knew it might have been a test. So I fucked him,
and by the way, I sucked his big cock at the same time... because I
could. It was really fun. I certainly don't know what anyone else has done
with him in the past, but it made me feel like I was more like a friend
with him after that. I loved every second of it. And you would have
too. Every single sexual experience I've had here, including at my Birthday
party, has given me a greater understanding of why we're all in this
unit. Every single element, including getting to know you, has helped me
become a better man, a better sex partner and a better ambassador most
likely." Kevin reaches up and puts his hands around Tom's face. "If it
hadn't been for the Sergeant creating this unit I probably wouldn't have
met you and that would have been a real shame, Tom, so please, let go of
your qualms. I've had sex with the Sergeant, and Anton and the twins, and
half of the men in this unit and I really liked all of it. But, Tom, I LOVE
you."

Tom's face dropped. He was processing what Kevin just told him. He said the
words they've both been pussy footing around. And then Tom's face grew into
a big smile. "I love you too, Kevin." Tom said softly. And then they
grabbed each other and hugged each other tightly.

"I understand that you have to do what you have to do, Kevin... I won't get
in your way. But include me when you can. I want to be your partner." Tom
stated.

Anton spoke softly, "Thank you for letting me listen to all of that. I'm
stunned and amazed. And happy to be friends with you two... "

Kevin smiled and added, "I hope that doesn't stop us having fun with
you. There's lot's more. And we're not going anywhere."

"That goes for me too," Tom lifts his beer can as a toast. The three men
take another swig off their beers.

Tom: "so what do you need from either of us to help you get to your
assignment?"

" Would you drive me to the airport and pick me up when I return, which I
don't know when that is yet? Anton asks. "It's so much easier to get to
your destination when someone's there to pick you up curbside."

"Of course we will. Well, one of us will for sure." Kevin assures him.

"Shall we put a dinner together for all of us? The Boys are going to need
to eat something too." Asks Tom.

Anton suggest Chicken. "Is there a Chicken place nearby?

"Does it matter? We don't have a car." Tom reminds him.

"What about Delivery? Kevin asks. Anton and Tom shoot a look at each other,
like `of course. Why didn't we think of that?'

Anton: "Let me see what I can find on the Interweb."

"See if they have a side of Cole slaw. I haven't had any in a long time."
Kevin starts to crave. "I'm gonna go see if Arlo wants to join us." Kevin
finds Apartment 9....  "Hey guys, you up for some dinner? We're thinking
Chicken to be delivered if we can find a chicken place nearby. You hungry?
It sure does smell like sex in here."

"Yes. I'm sure we've all worked up an appetite." Arlo announces. The twins
agree.

"Good, go get showered off. Don't forget to clean out." Kevin orders.

____________________________________


At the sergeant house, both men are naked, though Hank has yet to unpack
most of his stuff. Each of the men are sipping on some bourbon, but the
sergeant is in his reading chair, and Hank is sitting on the floor between
his legs. And while Hank licks at Tyrone's balls, he's also kissing
Tyrone`s abdomen and inner thigh. Tyrone is happy with the company, slowly
warming up to the thought of dominating Hank. Hank wants that. Hank is
sending every signal that he wants to be told what to do, and when to do
it. Both of these muscular studs are getting high on bourbon and warming up
to the idea of a long sexual evening.

When they went into this evening, neither one knew what to expect because
they haven't discussed it. They didn't really even discuss it very
thoroughly when they were in San Francisco, having just met. The sergeant
had been the recipient of a nice fuck from Kevin in the van and was still a
little in a sub headspace. Now they're laying on the bed in the hotel room
and San Francisco and are kissing and fondling but watching everyone else
and jacking off. Taking in all of the instructions that Kevin was dishing
out to the twins... Telling them exactly how they should be having sex with
each other. So, the sergeant and Hank simply were voyeurs that night,
taking in Kevin's very dominant directions, and didn't really establish
their roles between each other. Now they're making up for lost time. And
they're alone and not having to give any thought about who might be
watching them.

"I love your big dick, sir. It wasn't this hard when I was with you in the
hotel room. So I didn't really get too much of an idea about how really
tremendous this thing is. I'd love to learn to suck it. I will have to
Start slowly. I should probably start working on that now." Hank tells the
sergeant. I'd love you to fuck me.

"I was thinking that we might work on getting dinner." Tyrone tells him.

"And here I was." Hank says." thinking this is what I was gonna have for
dinner as he waves Tyrone`s dick in front of him. "I'm thinking we can do
both. Which one do you want first?

"Lick my balls... Make my dick super hard. I'd love to cum in your mouth."
Tyrone tells Hank.

" yes sir." Hank gets up on his knees and starts licking him. Tyrone`s cock
head. It's the size of a small fist. It's really hard to get the entire
thing in your mouth all at one time, Hank realizes, but it's a really great
challenge and he wants to try. He certainly doesn't mind worshiping this
hung muscle man in any case. Stroking his dick and licking his balls and
more becomes all consuming as they progress.  Occasionally, Tyrone put down
his half full glass of bourbon and pushes the back of Hanks head into his
own hard-on.  Hank moans in acknowledgment. "Just keep working on it."
Tyrone playing the role for Hank but knowing that ultimately he doesn't
wish to be a Dom/Top.

"I want you to stroke my cock with your hand while you suck on my balls. It
usually takes a long time to get me to shoot a load. You're doing really
good, boy. You just keep serving that big dick. I'm into lots of things,
Hank. I enjoy slapping a boy around. I will want to tie you up. Sometimes I
like BDSM, sometimes just romantic, including this... you serving my cock
while I'm drinking a bourbon. I love oral and anal and my favorite thing is
probably more kinky. Would you like that Hank? I'd love to be pissing in
your mouth and you swallowing it all down like a good urinal boy... and
then you doing the same for me.

"Sir, I will do whatever you want. And I'm sure that I will grow to love
it. But I have to tell you that I'm not into scat or blood or fem or
underage." Hank shares.

"I won't ever ask you to do those things. I want a masculine man to do
kinky masculine things." Tyrone tells him.

"Do you ever smoke a cigar, sir?" Hank asks.

"I have. I don't do it often.

"Are you going to fuck me sir?" Hank asks

"I would hurt you if I did. So, if we want to fuck, your hole will need to
be trained beforehand."

"Let's take this slowly and we'll figure it out together." Hank
requests."But I really want your cock."

____________________________________


Anton informs Kevin and Tom that "Bob's Hot Chicken will deliver in about
25 mins at the gate. So we have to go down to the gate to pay for it, they
won't come onto the base."

Then I'll go do that. The guards already know me. So I'd best keep my
clothes on. Damn it. Tom calls the guard gate. "Hi, Corporal Lansford
here. I'm having dinner delivered to the gate. Can you call me when they
arrive and I can come down and pick it up? Yeah, thanks."

"You still have the van, right?"Tom asks Anton.

"Yup, there are so many of us going to and from the airport within a few
days, so I just checked out the van."

"Okay, give me the keys." Anton hesitates for a moment. "Dude, I have to be
able to drive to the front gate to pick up the chicken delivery when they
call." Tom responds sternly.

"Oh, sorry. I didn't follow.  I've got a credit card for it." Anton hands
Tom the keys and credit card.

David and Deke trundle into the room, Arlo following behind. "We're going
to take a shower now. When's the food get here?" Deke asked.

"It'll be here soon." Tom updates them.

Arlo hangs back for a moment and tells Kevin, "Those boys are seriously
good cocksuckers. They're good swallowers too."

"Oh good. Hope you boys all had fun." Kevin says.

"We all did. But those boys are ravenous. They want more and more. They
could seriously entertain the whole House. Just remember that for your next
party."

"I'm hoping the next party everyone will be entertaining everyone." Kevin
tells Arlo.

"That will be great. But these boys will add a layer of excitement." Arlo
tells Kevin.

"Did they take your dick well?" Kevin asks.

"It was so awesome. Thanks again. And any time... you know where to find
me." Arlo reminds him.

"You're joining us for some chicken this evening, yes?" Kevin responds.

Arlo: "I can. I just thought you were being nice."

Kevin: "We are being nice. Join us."

Tom jumps in the van and drives to the gate and meets the chicken delivery
car. The one with the little chicken on the top of the car. Tom pays the
delivery guy and gives him a nice tip.

"My name's Devin. Ask for me when you order. I'll give you good service."

`Good lookin guy. I'll bet you say that to all the hot men' Tom thought to
himself. "Okay, I'll do that. Is there any way that you can drive onto the
base next time and deliver it to my barracks?" Tom asks.

"Sure, if you leave my name at the gate. I do that for some of the guys
here."

"Ok, good deal, Devin, Thanks" Tom tells him. Tom drives the bucket of
chicken back to the House, wondering what kind of TIP Devin would
appreciate.

"Hey Anton, the Chicken delivery guy's name is Devin and he says he'll
deliver to the house if we ask for him and leave his name at the gate. That
could be pretty great." Tom comment.

"Maybe we should see if the chicken's any good before we make plans for the
next delivery." Anton chides Tom.

Each of the 6 men have decided to get comfortable, which generally means
being naked here at the House. Anton's dinner service includes paper plates
and plastic ware, which generally comes with the delivery but breaks easily
if you actually use it. The chicken is placed on the dining room
table. Dinner participants can grab a plate and a napkin if they choose
to. Arlo simply grabs a piece of chicken from the tub. "Arlo, you want some
mashed potatoes or Cole slaw? You're gonna need a plate." Tom tells him.

"How about you Deke? Want some potatoes or Cole slaw? Tom says feeling a
little like dad at the family dinner table.

Deke and David, both say "Yes please." Tom passes the boys a plate each and
some plastic ware. And they take it and put some on their plates and then
say "Thank you.," in unison.

Tom looks over at Anton and Kevin to see if they notice the manners these
boys display. Kevin realizes what's happening and says. "You know boys, We
really appreciate your manners. It's really good to see young men with
manners like you two." Tom smiles at Kevin's comment. Anton is
unfazed. Arlo realizes that he's being a pig at the table and needs to
shape up a bit if he wants to sit with the big boys at the table, realizing
that he likes eating with friends more than just by himself. He likes to
hang out with Private Carter whenever he's at the House, but that's only
maybe half the time. He does get lonely at mealtime.

Kevin, says "Anton, you know, it might be nice if we had dinner for
everyone in the house together once a week. What do you think Tom?"

"I love the idea. We don't really have a table big enough for everyone to
sit around, but we could do foods like burgers and chicken and pizza, which
we kind of do anyway," Tom adds. "You know, Party style."

"Actually, guys, my head is into getting ready to ship out tomorrow. Can we
talk about this when I get back? Or you could ask the Sergeant what he
thinks about it, because he's going to have to approve it anyway," Anton
tells Tom.

"Sure" Tom says, though I don't know when I'll be chatting with him.

Anton looks at Deke and David. "Do you guys like it here? I'm going to be
away for a few days. So I'm asking if you'll be okay here while I'm away."

Deke tells Anton that, "We're fine. Kevin is here and Tom is here. We know
what to do."

Anton: "so, what will you do while I'm away?

"We want to work however the Sergeant wants us to... or you tell us," the
boys say looking at Tom. "But we both really want more sex."

Yes. We all pretty much know that." Anton says, "any particular stuff you
want to try?"

"Yes, we saw Tom's dick and we really like it, David responded. "We talked
about it. We want to suck it. And we want to suck Kevin's again too."

"Do you guys decide everything together? Like, if you, David wanted to suck
somebody's cock and Deke didn't, what would you do?," Asked Arlo.

The Twins, both staring at Arlo, blinked a few times. Deke spoke. "That
doesn't ever happen. We both want the same things always."

"Ok, but what if I decided I wanted to have sex with just one of you, what
would you do then." Kevin posed.

"But why would you want to do that? We're the same," David answered. "We
always want to have sex together."

Kevin: "When we were in San Francisco we were all experimenting
together. And you two were having sex with other men."

"Yes, but we were together." Deke says, "We were in the same room and we
knew that both of us were having fun. It would hurt me to have sex with one
of you if my brother was like, rejected."

"I feel that way too," David says.

"So, if each of you were sucking on my cock and Tom's cock, in the same
room, that would be okay?" Kevin asked.

"Yes, as long as we could both be used the same. We'd probably want to
switch back and forth." David says.

"Okay, why is that" Tom asks.

"Because we want to experience the same stuff so that we can talk about
it." Deke tells them. "That's how we learn stuff."

"What would you two like to do this evening?" Tom asks.

"Would it be okay if we had sex with you and Kevin?" David asks.

"What would you like to do with us." Kevin asked.

"We talked about it and we've decided that we want to be your sex slaves,"
Deke answers

Kevin looks at Anton, Anton looks at Tom. Even Arlo was a bit surprised.

"What does that mean to you? Kevin asks David.

"It means that we want you to tell us what kind of sex stuff you want to
do... and your friends too. You tell us who to have sex with." David says.

"Yeah," Deke states, "we really liked it when you gave us to Arlo. We know
you have lots of friends here."

"Okay" Tom agrees that they have lots of gay men here at the House, "We can
only deal with one day at a time. So, tonight we'll play with you. We'll
probably play with you lots of ways. That okay for tonight?" Tom asks.

The boys nod and smile. "It's great." The twins say in unison.

"Okay," Tom tells them. "Go get cleaned up and cleaned out, understood?"

Tom looks over at Anton, "You got time to participate this evening?"

"I think I probably have to make some time. Besides, I need to cum before
this trip. My client will want me to service him for certain, but he
doesn't let me cum." Anton confesses.

"Wow, I never heard that one before. What does he let you do?" Kevin asks

"Really, not much," Anton replies. "He plays rough. He loves to slap me
around and he loves to feed me his piss. He's very clear about it. He wants
to totally dominate me. I like most of it, though, I have to admit." Anton
tells Kevin and Tom. "And, actually, once I get into the sub headspace I
just want to serve this Dom. Nothing else matters. It's a bit hard to let
go of when he's done with me. And, of course, I have to keep the decorum
around anyone else."

"Do you have feelings for this guy?" Tom asks.

"No, I just want to serve him." Anton answers. "This isn't about my
feelings. We both want it. But it's certainly not about love."

"So, play with us this evening for as long as you want." Kevin tells Anton.

"Can I play too?" Arlo asks.

"Where and when? Anton asks.

"I have a couple things to prepare" answers Kevin. "I'll probably be
cleaning out in the shower in 30 mins. We can play on the King bed down
there. Most of the guys are gone anyway. Deke and David, I want you two to
clean out too, understood?"

"Yes, Sir." David answers.

"Come upstairs with me for a couple of minutes." Kevin says to Tom. "I need
to show you something." The two men grab the paper plates on the table and
dump the trash in the basket on the way up to Apartment 14. The men walk
into the room.

"I need help with something." Kevin says to Tom. "I need you to suck this
for a few minutes."

Tom dutifully grabs Kevins balls, sliding his hand onto his rapidly
inflating cock and begins to lick it... slipping Kevin's dick head into his
mouth and squeezing his balls gently. Lifts his cock and licks the glorious
soft spot under his balls as he strokes Kevin's dick.

"I need this Tom. You get me going. I hope you don't mind that we're
suddenly committed to being in an orgy. My brain was only focused on
you. So, I need to connect with just you for a couple of minutes." Kevin
puts his arms around Tom and kisses him so tenderly and sweetly. "Thanks
for being here with me."

"I love being here with you, but I think we've already told the guys that
we'll be downstairs for a little party. It's fine, we're gonna have fun,
"Tom tells him. "Don't you want to own some slaves tonight?"

"You know how much I love kinky shit. Let's get down and clean out." Kevin
encourages his partner.

Once in the showers, they get soaped up and Kevin and Tom quickly get ready
to be cleaned out by the other. Kevin soaps his body into a lather and then
steps closer to Tom and turns away from his and bends over a bit, spreading
his glutes. Tom Takes a dab of goo from the dispenser and rubs it around
Kevin's hole. Tom inserts the clean out nozzle and squirts warm water in
his ass and then he pulls it out. Kevin squats over the drain and
expels. They each go through that drill twice, for each other. Each feeling
more confident for the attention of the other.

The twins come into the shower now too and Arlo follows by a minute. Kevin
does the same for the twins. Tom cleans out Arlo's butt. Anton asks Tom for
a fill up. Everyone is accommodated and the process becomes an assembly
line.

Anton asks, "is the scene about slaves serving their master?"

"It is." Tom tells him. "Our master is Kevin and we are his slaves."

`Oh, no pressure at all' Kevin thinks to himself.

"My youngest slaves want to become piss drinkers they tell me. So, tonight
you shall all drink from my tap... " Kevin proclaims, "When I am empty, we
shall all drink from Anton's very large tap, and then Tom's and then Arlo
and then perhaps the slave boys. Let's all have a beer and a large glass of
water to make this more exciting...

The men all have a beer, the Twins are unsure. "Guys. What are you
concerned about.?" Kevin asks.

"We've never been allowed to drink beer. Mormon's don't drink beer." Deke
tells Kevin.

"But, you asked to try some piss tonight, right?" Kevin asks. The Twins nod
in agreement. "Piss is just used beer, so you're gonna be drinking it
anyway."

Deke agrees... "Oh, okay." Kevin opens two beer cans and hands each a
can. And the brothers gladly taste the slightly cooled beer. David giggles
slightly at the taste.

Each of the men dries off. Kevin tells the guys to go get on the bed. "I
want you to start off my licking each others butts. I want you to see how
much better it tastes when you're cleaned out. It's really important." The
boys each get to taste and they approve with smiles and then kissing each
other.

"Okay Deke, lie on your back." Kevin instructs each of them. "Anton, sit on
his face. Arlo, lie down on your back. Tom, sit on his face. David, you
too. Eat my ass." There's almost no hesitation for all the subs to do as
they're told. "Really get in there. David, push your tongue up into my
clean hole. Doesn't that taste good?" David quietly nods his head without
removing his tongue. "MMMmmmm," say all of the rimmers. "Oh Fuuuuuccckkkk"
says Anton. "I so need this."

After several minutes of this, Kevin orders Anton to sit on Arlo's
face. Deke and David are going to suck cock for awhile.

"I really like eating Anton's ass." Deke complains.

Kevin: "Slaves do what they're told to do without question. Slaves don't
get to choose what they want to do. You asked to be a slave and now you are
one. So, now be a good fuckin slave."

"Yes sir." Deke accepts.

"Suck my cock boy," Kevin tells Deke. "David, you are Tom's slave for
now. So be a good slave and suck his cock. Make it real hard. You too,
Deke... make my cock really hard."

Kevin tells Anton to make Arlo comply. "Make him clean out your hole. Make
your big dick even bigger. Tell him, Anton."

Anton starts to ride Arlo's face, sliding up and down his mouth and
nose. "Clean it slave. Get your tongue in there. Eat it."  Kevin leans over
and tweets Arlo's right nipple... then rubs it out gently, and then tweaks
it even harder. Arlo yelps a little.

Kevin puts his left arm around Anton's neck and draws him in for a sloppy
kiss. "Arlo, work on Anton's balls. Get that shit churned up. Get that meal
ready, slave boy."

Arlo "Mmmmm huh! Kaaaay"

"Tom, is your slave making your dick hard?" Kevin asked.

"Yeah, but I think if I fuck his face it'll get even harder."

"So, Stand up!" "David, Tom's gonna stand up now, so stop sucking for a
minute." "Okay, now get that big dick in your mouth. Suck it boy... Tom,
put your hands on the back of your slave's head and fuck his
mouth... David... Come on, suck his dick like's you want his cum in your
throat. Harder, slave boy." Kevin orders him as he leans over and slaps
David's ass. David responds with a groan and begins to go a little faster
but doesn't stop sucking Tom's dick.

"Anton, I want to watch you fuck Arlo... Arlo, get up on all fours. Anton's
gonna stand up and fuck your twat, boy. Do it." Kevin directs.

Kevin leans over and asks Tom if he has to piss yet. The boys continue to
service Kevin and Tom. "Give me another minute or two." Tom leans over and
slaps David's ass again. "Come on cocksucker."

Kevin's own slave, Deke is savoring Kevin's thickness. The head of the 7+
inches is lodged in Deke's throat and he's only able to grab a breath by
pulling most of the way off as he continues to fellate his master's
cock. "Good boy." Kevin tells him. "Tom, drag your slave back into the
showers."

"Okay, slaves, get your master's cocks back down your throats" Kevin
began. "Tom, I want you to just start to piss in your slave's mouth. That's
what I'm going to do," Kevin says loudly so that the cocksuckers know
what's coming. "Slaves, you're going to start drinking piss. Take it in
your mouth. Swallow it slowly. Don't choke... listen to me. Your first
priority is to drink your master's piss. When you don't have any piss to
swallow then start to suck cock again. Make a noise to let me know you
understand."

Both twins grunt.

"After you're finished drinking then start sucking again." Kevin orders
them. "Do your fuckin jobs, slave boys. This is what you wanted."

"Hey Anton, bring your slave boy in here so we can watch you feed him your
piss. We all want to watch that."

Kevin pisses down Dekes throat. Deke stops and tells Kevin, "It takes so
good. Thank you, sir," and goes right back to guzzling it down. Tom is
doing the same. Deke comes off of Tom's long dick and coughs and sputters,
David continues to jack Tom's dick. His face is wet and drooling and his
eyes are filled with tears. David say, "Thank you sir. I love your piss,"
and then sticks Tom's cock back in his mouth.

Kevin and Tom look up at each other with smiles. "I know how he feels...  I
do too, Buddy." Tom tells Kevin.

"Me too," Kevin says to Tom. "Come here." Kevin put his arms around Tom's
shoulders and pulls him in for a man-to-man kiss. "Are you getting close to
cumming?

"Not really." Tom replies in a whisper. "I wanna be drinking your piss. I
want to be sucking your cock."

"Okay slave boys. I want you two to attach yourselves to Anton and Arlo and
do whatever you have to to make them cum."

"Tom, I have some piss left, it's all yours...."

Another Chapter coming shortly...

SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you think of the characters.

---

Untitled (Chapter 23)

Date: Sun, 29 Jun 2025 11:01:36 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 37

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you think of the story.


Kevin Jones New Orders 37

Day 20            0500


"Jeez.... I have dried cum all over me. Did you get any sleep?" Kevin
realizes.

"I slept really well, thanks to you." I loved having my dick in your ass
for hours. I don't remember when it came out. I guess I was asleep." Tom
tells Kevin.

"Me either. I only remember you being really rough with me last night."
Kevin states.

Tom retorts, "Really? You hated how I treated you last night, huh?"

"No, I loved it. It was so much fun. You just have to remember that when
it's my turn to dominate YOU!"

Tom: "he he he he, yeah, I know. I can't wait. But here's the thing, The
next few days are going to be kind of hectic around here. Hank is arriving
today. Anton will be gone over the weekend, The twins will probably be
staying here at the house. Zelsky is coming in a few days, and this morning
we need to focus on getting you behind the wheel... Get you a Driver's
License. Are we gonna go for a run this morning, first?"

"No, we're gonna get coffee first and then write out a schedule for the
day, otherwise I'll forget something. Can you help me with that?" Kevin
asks.

"Of course, I will, but we'd best get going right away before the day gets
away from us."

Kevin: "I'll run down and get some coffees. Be right back."

In the Kitchen Kevin prepares 2 cups of coffee with milk and
sweeteners. Private Peltski finds him in the kitchen. "Jeez, you had some
fun last night. Turn around, I wanna see your ass." Kevin spins around and
pushes his ass out for Noah to view it. "Hot," Noah puts his hand on
Kevin's right glute. "It's not as red as I imagined it would be this
morning. You guys sure got rough."

"Really? Is that a first here? I would have thought that's happened a lot
around here with all these hot, risk-taking guys." Kevin tells Noah.

"Not so much. You know, the guys here probably get played with more roughly
by their Brass Clients when they're away from the house. But we all heard
Tom beating your ass and making you call out the swats. There was a lot of
meat beating going on in this House last night. I'm gonna guess that you
might have turned up the temperature for that the kind of play around
here. You know, Kevin, the boys want more. They want to play harder and
they want to learn shit. But you know, they need some inspiration.  So I
guess we'll see what happens." Peltski explains with a knowing smirk.

"I think that was a compliment?" Kevin responds. "I think everybody just
wants some more fun. But right now I gotta get back upstairs."

"Thanks, Kevin. I had fun yesterday. And thanks for the trim, by the way."
Noah tells him.

Kevin is a little more careful walking upstairs carrying two cups of
coffee. He enters Apartment 14 and gives a peck on the lips of his naked
boyfriend. "I have to wash the sheets. I can't stand too much of a
mess... and this is really a mess." Tom informs Kevin.

"Let's make a plan for the day." Kevin tells Tom. "have a seat. Here's some
paper. Here's a Calendar. Today, we've got Driving Practice, establish
Written test questions, Take Drivers Test, Get Pressure Washer to
Sergeant's place, Pick up Hank at the airport, Pick up the twins at
Tyrone's, shop for the Sergeant... "

"Yes, but these aren't all your duties. Some of these are Anton's and some
are mine."

"I realize that, but there are so many moving parts that we all should be
aware of AND maybe we need to pick up or deliver something along the
way. It just seems like we all need to be involved with these
things... Maybe we should discuss all of this with Anton. Are we gonna Run
this morning?" Kevin asks.

Tom reasons, "Run yes, workout no. We have to get you behind the wheel
sooner than later. I need to ask the Sergeant about his car."

Text Message to Sergeant Brown: "Will you be driving your car in this
morning or shall I go to your house to get it?"  Text Response: "I'll drive
it in. ETA 0830.

Text Message to Max at Motor Pool: Can You Deliver Pressure Washer to Sgts
house at 8:30?  Text Response from Max: Will do.  Text to Deke: equipment
will be delivered at 8:30 to Sgts house.  Text from Deke: We are cleaning
up here. hes still at home.

Let's go shower. Kevin and Tom still have dried patches of cum all over
their bodies as they step into the shower. "It's almost like I'll miss
these little badges of accomplishment sticking to my skin." Kevin laments.

"Oh Kevin. We can make more," Tom snickers.

Anton walks by the shower on his way to his office. "That was some
performance last night. Everyone was was beating off. They wanted to know
why you stopped at only 12."

Tom ignores Anton's question, not really wanting to answer. "we have
scheduling to chat with you about, asap."

"Okay, you know where to find me." Anton says

The boys get dressed to go running, should there be time and find Anton in
his office. "So, Listen, I think the Sergeant's head isn't fully in the
game right now with his guest arriving today. So we want to discuss some
things for him to okay, that we can jump on." Tom states. "First thing is a
list of stuff that we need to accomplish today and then over the next few
days, yes? We're picking up the Sergeant's car at 0830, Do you want to be
involved in his Behind the Wheel training this morning?" Next thing is you
picking up Hank this afternoon. His flight lands at 1450 at SLC. Gate 27
but probably Luggage on C, if he has any checked luggage.

"I'll ask him." Anton Says.

"You'll bring Deke and David back here. We haven't made any provisions for
food for the Sergeant's house nor for anyone here at the house." Tom
reminds them. "I can go grab some stuff for both households. Mostly Pizza,
but maybe some veggies too, snacks, maybe? I can do that prior to giving
the Sergeant his car back. I get some of the same stuff for this house, is
that okay with you?

"Kevin. Have you found your old Driver's License? And have you made an
appointment for a test?

"Oops... I guess I fucked up." Kevin says.

"I'll see if the Army has any sway over there these days." Tom says. "But
it's still a little bit early to call over there.  Guys, let's please
coordinate everything today, okay? By the way, The clean up crew is
cleaning up as we speak over at the Sergeant's. This will be a real test
for them today, I think."

"Hey, one more thing..." Kevin asks. "Who's in charge of the house while
you're away? Normally I think it's Private Miller, but he's going to be out
as well."

"Well, then I guess you two will have to handle it. Tom, you're going to be
at your desk, correct?" Tom nods, "I'd like to see you do this together. I
know the Sergeant has faith in you both. But don't fuck up." Anton advises.

"Can Tom stay upstairs if I have my hands full with Sergeant Zelsky?

"Yes," Anton tells Kevin. "But that fills up all of the rooms. If we get to
a place where we need an extra bed, Tom can sleep in my room."

"Okay. Thanks. Do you want to go running with us this morning, Private
Anton? Asks Kevin.

"Sure. I'll go stuff some things in the Washer. Be right back." Anton tells
them.

Tom and Kevin find Greg Miller manning the Nutrition Bar. "You gonna go run
with us this morning?" Kevin asks.

"I can't. I'm outta here tomorrow morning. Have to get ready. And pack up
some shit." Private Miller responds.

"Jeez, this place is gonna be a ghost town. It hasn't been like this since
I've been here." Kevin observes.

Tom responds, "It happens a few times per year. Usually it's about a
gathering of Army Brass and often about a kind of trade show for new
equipment that the Army is interested in... and don't forget, you've only
been here a few weeks. It just feels like forever, doesn't it?"

"I think it might feel like forever if you weren't with me. I sure am happy
that you are." Kevin tells his intimate friend. "Do you know why Sergeant
Zelsky is coming in?

"Not absolutely certain, but we're a munitions depot and there is training
that occurs around new munitions." Tom speculates. "They can't just discuss
everything over Zoom, you know? Some of these things we don't even know
exists yet. And maybe it doesn't. Sometimes things are designed as
concepts, like new cars. We don't even know. But it's like a huge power
thing for some of these guys. I'll bet Zelsky has a big boner the whole
time he's here."

"Ha ha.. yeah, It's a pretty big boner for sure. You saw him fucking me at
my party, didn't you?" Kevin reminds Tom.

"Yeah, I actually really enjoyed you getting banged with that monster. But
you took it really well. Tom recalls. "I've dreamed about taking a dick
like his ever since I watched that. Not something I've ever wanted before,
but man that was hot."

"You know, you could get hurt if your hole isn't stretched out enough. But
you're right, his cock is pretty magnificent.  What's the biggest dick
you've taken?" Kevin asks.

"Probably yours. If you guys are up for it when he's here at the house, I'd
love to play with you. But I'm not sure you'd want that. I don't mean to
pressure you. I won't be upset if it doesn't play out that way." Tom tells
Kevin.

"Okay, lover boy, I'd be okay with that just like you're okay with him
fucking me." Kevin states

"Taking that dick is a fucking achievement for certain. But I know that
he'd never steal you away just like you know that he'd never steal me away
from you." So I'm good with us having a 3way, which I know he likes because
I was in a 3way with him. BUT! I'm not going to pressure him into it. He's
got to want it. You good with that?" Kevin asks.

"Yes. I will be." Tom assures Kevin. "If it comes up, I will enjoy watching
you get railed by him again. I know you love it and I get off on watching
you get put to good use. It's like my own personal porn movie. And if I am
the one getting fucked, I hope you will be there for me, playing with my
nipples or something."

"Thank you my friend. Love your support and understanding." Kevin tells Tom
as he reaches over and kisses him.  "But, right now I need you to help me
get a Driver's License. Do you have some time to go over the test?

"I made time, but I'm going to check with the Sergeant before I
disappear. But the car isn't here yet and we still need to go take a run,
so let's do that. We might be sitting for hours today, so let's get some
exercise while we can" Tom encourages him.

All the runners are bending and stretching to get ready for the run. "I
really can't wait to get going in the gym again. I was on such a good roll
there for the last several days before driving to San Francisco. Now, I'm
at the point of being so busy that I don't have time for the gym. What the
fuck?" Kevin says as they depart for their 2 mile run.

"Hey, you have all weekend to workout, Kevin. I'd like to work out with you
and maybe train each other. I'd love to push you in the gym. We can start
first thing in the morning." Tom encourages Kevin.

"I think I need to use the fuck machine at the house again... get ready for
the big man. Have you ever used one of those? It can really open up your
ass." Kevin advises.

"I haven't needed to. You're the only one that fucks me." Tom says with a
big grin.

"Wow... you are so fucking funny... you think." Kevin tells his running
mate.

"So, yes, I'll do the fuck machine with you tomorrow morning. If you're not
thrilled with my tight ass."

"I am. I just thought it might be easier for us to get kinkier if we wanted
to. You do know that your hole closes up again after being on the machine,
don't you? Like after you get fucked. It doesn't just stay open
afterwards." Kevin explains.

"Actually, Kevin. While I'm very kinky in my mind, I haven't been so kinky
in practice. I'm way more kinky and active with you than I've ever been
before. The reason Anton knows about my kinky mindset is because we've
talked about my favorite porn themes and movies. I mean, Dude... I've been
way kinkier with you than all of my life before you arrived. I mean, this
is Utah. And I work for the Army. Not a lot of options to meet guys until
Anton invited me to the house and I met you.... And I fell for you while we
were both getting pissed on and you kissed me. And then you invited me over
for a fuck and kissed me goodnight. My brain was reeling. So every time
that we've been together it gets better. And every time it seems to get
kinkier and we get to play harder. All the things I've been fantasizing
about before I met you. So, Kevin, I trust you. If you want to break my ass
with a fuck machine, I'm up for it. I'm up for supporting whatever works
for you. I'm actually surprised by how much I like playing rough with
you. But mostly, I trust you.

"I trust you too. And just so you know, the only shit I did before I met
you was to suck dick. I loved it and I still do. Zelsky had only fucked me
once and after that I got sent here. So, we're both experimenting with each
other here, my friend, but I always love it when I'm with you. But, my love
for piss came the first day I was in the house. So, we have Anton to thank
for that. I love that you're as into that as I am. Can we go grab the
Sergeant's car? I'm so focused on getting my license. I can't even pick up
Zelsky at the airport if I don't get a license.

Tom: "Let's go change and I'll get the car. Bring your old license in case
it helps. You might not have to take a portion of the test if you have it
with you."

Both men quickly change. Tom takes off to get Sergeant Brown's car. Kevin
goes into Anton's office to check with him. "I'm going to pick up Hank,
probably before you get back to the house. Is there anything else I should
know?" Kevin asks Anton.

"Yeah, I'm guessing that you're likely to drive him around. If that's the
case, you should bring a good book with you. You could be sitting there
waiting for hours." Anton advises. "Or he might want you to run an errand
for him, so you need to have some cash or a credit card if you need to pay
for something, or buy gas. Or buy yourself a cheeseburger. And whatever
that might turn out to be, keep your very handsome smile out there for him
to see. A driver sees all kinds of things and it has to remain between you
and him. The ONLY things you should tell me are what he might need from us
in the future, unless it's something Sergeant Brown might need to know. We
keep track of things like preferences. In fact, let me look up past
visits. Anton goes into his computer to see what he can find. "He loves
steaks. He likes Eggs over easy for breakfast. He likes Black coffee. He
loves Sour Dough toast. And you probably know what kind of sex he likes
better than anyone else. Oh, and it says he likes Tequila with lime and a
seltzer. We should run over to the PX and get those items. You might want
to get a haircut as well, you're looking a little shaggy."

"I'll ask Tom. I'm not of age. I can't purchase Tequila. But I'll figure it
out. Is there a library on the base?" Kevin Asks

"I will go hit the PX. The house needs some food stuff while I'm away. So
I'll pick up some Tequila and some Bourbon too as well as some healthy
snacks perhaps while you're taking your test.

"What's the Bourbon for?" Kevin asks. "Sergeant Brown will be having a
guest while I'm away. I think we should just be prepared... you know, just
in case." Anton figures.

Tom runs in. "Come on, we gotta do this." Kevin waves at Anton as the men
leave the house for Driving practice. "I've made an appointment for you to
take the driving test. They don't typically do that but I asked them to
make an exception because you are Army. So be really nice to them when we
get there. This car is really just standard everything. Do you have any
questions about it?"

Kevin adjusts all the mirrors and the seat and starts the car. He only
drives the equivalent of 3 blocks on the base before Tom decides to drive
out onto the street. "Let's turn Left just like you were taking a Behind
the Wheel Test. Kevin looks both ways and slowly pulls out. "Not too
slowly, you need to blend in with the speed of traffic."

Kevin: "Roger that." Kevin drove safely for a few miles into town when Tom
suggested that he pull up next to a free spot in town and parallel
park. Kevin did it perfectly.

"Do you feel comfortable behind the wheel. I mean, obviously you can
drive. Do you want to review some written questions? They're all multiple
choice."

"Sure, can we go get a coffee and sit down inside and you can test me
verbally?"

The men find a seat at the closest coffee shop. They order 2 coffees and
Tom begins the questions. Tom asks about 20 questions. Kevin answered them
all correctly, except for the one about turning Left across a double yellow
line.

"I think you've got this. Would you like to head over for the test? We'll
be about 30 minutes early? Do you have your old License with you?

"I do." Kevin appeared to be slightly nervous.

"You'll be fine. Let's go do this."

When Kevin and Tom arrived there was a long line, "Stand in line for a
minute and let me see what the drill is." Tom tells Kevin. Tom walks over
to the counter and a very cute young girl asks Tom how she could help
him. Tom explained that Kevin Jones has an appointment and she asks Tom to
wait there. Comes back after checking the appointments and says "Go to
Window 14". Tom goes and grabs Kevin out of the waiting line and takes him
to Window 14.

"Hi. I'm Kevin Jones. I have an appointment to get my Driver's License. I
think I'm a little bit early."

"Hello Private Jones. I'm Casey. Do you have a driver's license?

"I do." Private Jones tells him.

"Where is your Current driver's license?"

"I have it" Kevin tells Casey, pulling his wallet from his pants. He hands
the plastic card to Casey.

"Ah, Georgia. That's good news. Utah has a reciprocal agreement with some
states where we will honor your certificate. I can issue you a Utah license
if you surrender your Georgia License. Is that okay?

Kevin: "Certainly. Can this happen today?"

"It's gonna happen right now. I need to give you a quick eye test. Please
look at this chart behind me and tell me the lowest line that you can read,
Casey instructs Kevin.

" A E V C M O" Kevin tells him.

"Perfect. You have 20/20 vision." Casey informs him. " please step over
here. Put your toes up against the yellow tape on the floor. Look at the
camera, smile."
"That's good. The card is printing out. Look how
cute you look. You have such a beautiful smile. You owe me $35. Here's my
card in case I can be of service to you in any other way. Good luck." And
Casey hands him his new UTAH drivers license... along with his card, which
has his mobile number scribbled on the back.

" Well, thank you very much, Casey." Kevin said as he turned to leave,
waving at Casey.

"Call me..." Said Casey with a hopeful look on his face.

As they walk toward the front door, "Did he really just hit on you?" Tom
asked. "That was pretty brazen of him."

Kevin: "It made me smile. He's kind of cute." Tom gives him a shove and
Kevin started laughing, mostly because he got his Driver's License taken
care of.. "Are you hungry?"

"Yes, but I'm gonna call Anton and see if he needs us to do anything right
away." Tom responds. Tom grabs his phone when they get outside, "Hey
Anton. Kevin got his license. We're thinking of getting a bit to eat, but I
wanted to check in with you first. Yes, he didn't need to take a test. He
just surrendered his Georgia License... Yes, we can go by and check on the
boys. I'll grab some burgers for them on the way over there. Cool. Okay,
see you soon."

"We're gonna go check on the twins. Let's hit the Burger place," Tom tells
Kevin. The men eat lunch and then quickly leave to check on the Power
Washing project. Tom was astonished at how good the small white house
looked. The boys had done a great job. In fact, so quickly and efficiently
that they asked what they should do next. Tom and Kevin checked around
inside and found it to be spic and span. Dishes washed, floors vacuumed.

David asks Kevin, "Doesn't it look all better?

"I don't know, I've never seen it before." Kevin tells him and then turns
to Tom and says... "Does it look all better?"

Tom laughed. "Yes, it sure does. Are the sheets changed and the beds made?

"Yes. We did all that before they brought the pressure washer." Deke tells
Tom.

"So, are your bags packed? You want to come with us now.? Kevin asks.

"Okay, but where are we going? David asked.

"You're going to come stay with us at the Barracks House for the weekend."
Tom asked the boys "You can sleep in one bed, right?

"Yup... we always do." Deke says "Can we be naked there?" David asks.

"Yes," Kevin answered, "But we have to discuss the rules, okay? Let's load
your stuff into the trunk and get going."

Tom locks up the house and gets in the car... in the front passenger seat.

"You want me to drive?" Kevin asks."

"Yeah, I think that's what needs to happen now. You need to be comfortable
behind the wheel when you're picking up Zelsky.." Tom tells him.

"Who is Zelsky?" Asks David from the back seat.

"He's a friend of mine. He's coming to visit in a few days. I told him that
I would pick him up at the airport. But I didn't have a driver's license so
I got one today." Kevin explains

Deke: "Will we meet him?"

Kevin: "Possibly. Depends on where you're staying when he arrives. But, I'm
curious, Deke, why would you want to meet him do you think?"

Deke answers, "Because we really like all of your friends. You have so many
sexy friends and we want to have more sex. David and I talk about what you
taught us all the time. We are so happy when we get to know more.

David adds, "we used to only know that we were gay. But we were taught by
our dad that it was bad and that we were evil. You helped us know that sex
is fun and that we deserve to have nice friends. And your friends are the
only one's we know. We don't have any other friends."

Kevin looks over at Tom. The two men in the front seat are gobsmacked by
David's statement. "I don't even know how to comprehend that," Tom says in
a low voice to Kevin.

After thinking about it for a moment... "I think you do. Just think about
how you were isolated before we met," Kevin shares. "You said that you
didn't really know how to meet men so you stayed at home mostly. And then,
thank God, we met. I did have some outlet before I met you, but not very
much. I didn't have any really good Gay men friends in my life until I met
Zelsky. And I thought I was in love with him once he fucked me. I can't
speak for you, but I think we both are better off having a life with some
really fun sex... with some special people, especially you. Probably, these
guys are experiencing the same kind of thing.

The twins, listening intently from the back seat as Kevin drives back to
the House, hear most of what's being said in the front seat. "The only sex
we knew about was porn stuff on our phone. You were the first person we
ever saw actually do something sexy for real. We've learned more about sex
from you than anything before." David interjects.

Kevin is almost embarrassed to have Tom hear that impromptu
endorsement. Kevin hasn't hidden his sexual interaction with Deke and
David, but he certainly hasn't explained it in detail.

David: "so if we ever get to play with you, we want to... and your
friends."

Kevin drives onto the base. At the Checkpoint Kevin explains that "these
are First Sergeant Brown's guests." The guard checks the list. Tom has
their names on the list, but the guards are familiar with the Sergeant's
car which has Army and Diplomatic stickers on the windshield.

They drive to the House and unload the Twins bags. Tom doesn't want to
return the Sergeants car until he needs to since they plan to put some food
and alcohol into the car for the Sergeant to take to his home to share with
Hank who is being picked up at the airport about now. Tom and Kevin show
the boys their room and show them around the house. The twins get noticed
because they're very cute young guys. But they're older than they look.

Tom plans to quickly head off to the PX to get some supplies for the house
and for the Sergeant and his arriving guest. Kevin plans to stay back to
help the twins get familiar with the place.

Tom asks Kevin to walk him out to the car, "I watched your body language
when the guys were talking to us in the car. I saw that you were a little
uncomfortable. I just want you to know that I really understood what they
were telling us. I think it's awesome what you did for them, Kevin. I'm
kind of proud of you for opening up to them like that. You probably changed
their lives in a very positive way." Kevin smiles broadly hearing Tom's
words. He wants to give Tom a big hug and a kiss, but, of course, they're
outside on an Army base and can't be seen showing affection. But both men
understand what's been said. Kevin goes back inside.

"I want to show you some stuff, okay?" Kevin tells them. "First thing is
that there might be some men around here that want to meet you. I don't
want you to be shocked, but most men here don't wear clothes all the
time. Don't be too shocked if they want to know about you sexually or if
you get touched. So the first thing I want to show you is how we clean out
our asses here, which we do often. It's a healthy thing to do and it's
pretty important. So I want to show you how to do this for each other. So,
we're gonna go down and shower in a couple minutes, after you've
undressed." Deke and David are somewhat surprised, but not unhappy about
it.

The twins follow Kevin downstairs to the showers. They get wet and Kevin
instructs them on the protocols of sharing clean out hoses, something
they've never been taught. Their father had never uttered the words `ass
hole' and today it's become something that they'll never forget. Kevin
instructs them how to wash each other and shampoo their own hair. "...To
bend over and have your partner apply soap to your crack and finger fuck
one another for the sake of cleanliness." The boys are excited to absorb
any information that Kevin tells them. "Do you remember my teaching you how
to eat ass?" Kevin asks.

"Of course we do." Deke answers. "We do it all the time now, but sometimes
it doesn't taste good. So thanks for teaching us about this clean stuff."

"What else do you want to know about?" Kevin asks both of them.

David answers: "Almost everything is fun. We want to do more, like sucking
cock and getting fucked. And piss too. We really liked watching you drink
piss. But it took a while to figure out what you were doing."

"And how did you figure that out?" Kevin asks.

"Well, David and I talked a lot about all the things we saw you and Anton
do and when you showed us how to get our dicks hard, you know... You taught
us everything even if you didn't mean to. So when we watched Anton piss in
your mouth the first day at the Dore Alley thing, at first we thought you
were sucking his dick but when we talked about it we realized that your
head wasn't moving. And then your head was moving later when you sucked
him."

"Well, yup. Pretty cleaver of you to figure that out." Kevin tells them.

"So we want to learn that. We want to suck cock more mostly. We really love
that. Are you and Tom doing sex stuff together? I mean, can we suck your
cocks?" David pleads.

"Ya know, possibly. But I can't commit that for him. You'll have to ask him
when he gets back from the store." Kevin advises. "So, just hang out for
awhile, okay?" Kevin tells them. "Let's go find a snack in the Kitchen."

"Okay. But that's pretty much all we do most of the time. Just hang out."
David shares. "We were really excited to wash off Tyrone's house. It was
nice to make something happen."

"Guys. I think we can make something happen this weekend, but there are
some duties that Tom and Anton and I have to do before we can spend more
time. Do you guys ever work out in the gym?" Kevin asks.

"Nope. Our father told us that was for sissies, so we never did that." Deke
responds. "Would you teach us that?"

Private Arlo Thompson walks into the Kitchen, naked, looking for something
to snack on too. "Kevin... do we have any Protein Bars in here? Who are
your friends?"

"Private Thompson, these are my friend's Deke and this is David
Hanson. Guys, this is Arlo."

Arlo: "Twins, huh? You guys gonna join the Army"?

"We don't know about that stuff." David explains.

Arlo looks at Kevin and tells him, "Twins are my weakness."

"Really? Are you busy right now?" Kevin asks.

"No, I'm free for the rest of the day."

"Arlo, Your fantasy is about to come true". Kevin tells him "Guys, I want
you to take Arlo to his room and I want you to suck his cock really
good. Both of you together. I'll come find you in a while.

"These guys are ALMOST virgins so you be really nice to them. They want to
practice on your cock. You good? Have fun boys."

It was as if they just hit the big Win at a slot machine in Vegas. And
everyone was a winner. Three men say "Thanks, Kevin," almost in unison as
they make their way to Arlo's tiny apartment.

Kevin sends a Text message to Anton: "Deke & David at at Amb. House. Tom
buying supplies for Sgts weekend. Pls advise ur arrival."

Anton's response text: Sgt asks me to deliver Hank to BASE, not his
house. ETA: 30 mins"

Kevin's Text to Tom: "Anton bringing Hank to Base. ETA 30 mins"

Tom's response Text: "All good. I'm almost there. Timing is good."

Tom pulls up in front of the house, carrying in those bags that are for the
house and leaving a few things in the Sergeant's car. Like always Tom has
the items organized into separate bags so that they don't need sorting
later. As soon as Kevin and Tom get all the household stuff into the house,
Tom tells Kevin he has to return the sergeants car. "I'll be back as soon
as I can."

"Good afternoon, sir. Thank you for letting us use your car," Tom reports
to the seated First Sergeant Tyrone Brown, standing in front of him. "Kevin
got his license, And I left some food and alcohol in your car. Some of
that, you don't want to leave there too long," Corporal Lansford advises.

" Well, that's good news about Kevin. Thank you for getting us some food.,"
Sergeant Brown tells him. "I appreciate that."

By the way, I've moved the twins to the House for your privacy. And Anton
will deliver Hank here in about 20 minutes."

"Is that all?" the sergeant asked with a Somewhat stunned expression.

" I hope you won't feel intruded upon, but we straightened up your house a
little while we were there."

" Who is we?" Sergeant Brown asks.

" Mostly the boys. Kevin and I helped organize a little," Tom replies " and
just so you don't worry about the boys, Kevin and I will take good care of
them over the weekend. And Sir, I will text you if anything important
happens in the morning. I'll be at my desk by 0830. Will there be anything
else, sir?"

" I would like to introduce you to Hank when he arrives, if that's
possible. But that's not an order."

"Of course, sir, I'll be at my desk." Tom dutifully replies.

When Anton pulls up in front of Brown's office. Both tall men get out and
walk up the 3 steps to the office. As they enter the office, Tom pushes the
intercom button and says. "Your visitor is arriving, Sir." The Sergeant
steps into the outer office where Tom's desk is and reaches out to Hank and
puts his hand out but quickly assesses that only Anton and Kevin are here
to witness the Sergeant's behavior.

"Hey, Buddy... great to see you. You're looking fabulous. You been working
out haven't you?" Sergeant Brown puts his arms around Hank and the men
kiss. Something Tom has never witnessed, but he's happy to see it. "Hank,
let me introduce you to My Corporal, Tom Lansford. I believe you've spoken
on the phone."

Hank confirms "We have indeed. Nice to meet you."

Sergeant Brown: "I just wanted to make sure you two met. But, Tom, are you
headed back to the House now?"

"That's my plan, Sir. Unless you need me here," Tom offers.

"No, go ahead. The House might be on a brief tour, but I need to have a
quick chat to determine what he's up for."

"Yes Sir," Tom waits for the men to walk into the Sergeant's large office,
before he leaves for the House on foot.

"I wanted to make sure you met Tom. He's great. I depend on him a lot. He's
also Kevin Jones extremely close friend. If I am to make a guess, they will
wind up together." Tyrone asserts.

"Is that possible in the Army these days?" Hank asks.

"It is if they're under my command. I can't speak for the Army at large or
at least I don't want to." The Sergeant explains. "Are you eager to rest?
Do you want to see the House that I've told you about? and by the way,
where Kevin Jones and Anton live, if you want to say hi."

"I would love to. Did it turn out that the Twins followed you up here?"
Hank asks.

"They did, they're also 0ver at that House while you're here. Want to go
say hi or do you want to drive home?" The Sergeant asks.

"Look, Tyrone..." Hank draws a deep breath and explains, "I like these
guys, but I came to see you and figure out how serious this is between
us. I don't intend to make demands on you. So if you'd like to show me this
House, I'd love to go say hi to the boys. And if you want me to drop to my
knees and suck your beautiful cock, and worship your muscles then that's
what is going to happen.  This visit is all about us seeing how we might
connect away from Dore Ally. I have hopes, but not demands. You're in
charge until you tell me otherwise. You good with that?"

"I am, my friend. Let's grab my car and we'll stop for a moment to say hi
at the House." Tyrone tells him.

The men walking up steps to the door of the House. Sergeant Brown uses his
thumb print to unlock the door. The men enter and there are a handful of
guys spread around the House. Most of them naked. Private Tim Butler sees
the Sergeant and stands almost at attention. These guys are not used to
standing at attention. "Tim, is Anton in his office?" the Sergeant asks.

"I believe so, Sir." Answers Tim, unsure if he's supposed to guide him into
Anton's office.

Anton is sitting behind his desk studying something on the computer
screen. "Thanks for picking up Hank this afternoon," Says the Sergeant.

Anton looks up and sees Hank right behind the Sergeant. "Well, of course,
Sir. My pleasure." Anton speaks to Hank, "It's good to see you here,
Hank. Thanks for coming to visit us. Does Kevin know you're here?

"I doubt it." Hank says, "we just walked in.

Anton: "HEY TIM... would you go find Kevin and ask him to come down,
please."

Hank: "wow... so accommodating. It's not like the Army guys that I've been
exposed to."

Anton responds, "We're all naked here. It's not easy to be angry or
demanding to a naked guy," The comment causes all three men to smile.

Kevin comes walking in to the office, naked, not expecting an outsider. "Oh
sorry, I didn't know you were coming by. I would have put some clothes on."

"I might not have recognized you if you were wearing clothes, Kevin. Great
to see you again." Hank asks, "Are you going to be around this weekend?
Would love to catch up."

Kevin answers that he might have some time tomorrow, but will be committed
to a project after that. "Would you like to grab some coffee in the
morning? I'll be finished working out near 10:30, though I don't have a
car."

"I'll think about that and text you in the morning." Hank tells him.

The Sergeant shows Hank around for maybe 30 seconds more, including the gym
and then they leave to drive to The Sergeant's personal home.

When the First Sergeant pulls up to his own home, with Hank in the
Passenger seat, he is amazed to see the house looking so good. "Wow, my
house looks so... great."

"Did it not look like this when you left this morning?" Hank queries

"No. It certainly didn't... let's get your stuff inside." As the two men
walk up to the house Tyrone notices that the plants and trees have all been
watered and the front steps were swept up. They walk inside and everything
is put away, the dishes are clean, the magazines are in neat piles. The
Sergeant calls Tom on his mobile before he even sits down. "Tom? There
seems to be elves in the neighborhood that stopped by and cleaned up my
house. Do you know anything about this?"

"Yes sir. The Elves are named Deke and David. With only a tiny bit of help
from Kevin and I. The boys pressure washed your house so it would look
clean for you and your guest." Tom answered.

"Well, thanks for taking care of me. I appreciate it, Tom... Truly," Tyrone
tells Tom.

"Sir? Please don't forget the food in the back seat of your car."

"Thanks for the reminder." The Sergeant said happily. "I might have."


Another New Chapter coming soon.

SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you think of the characters and
the story.

---

Untitled (Chapter 24)

Date: Fri, 11 Jul 2025 16:34:25 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 36

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at

SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you think of the story.

This particular chapter did not get included in chapter order due to an
email mishap. Sorry. So read this one first if you can, but, in truth
you'll get the Jist. Happy reading

Kevin Jones New Orders 36


Day 19          1500


The energy among the men is pretty high. Most of the men are getting ready
to head out to meet clients. There is a good amount of chatter between the
Ambassadors and they're mostly naked today around the house.

Private Noah Peltski runs into Private Joey Reynolds in the kitchen on his
way back up to his room. All of these guys are constantly checking each
other out. They're all excited about that. When another of the Ambassadors
doesn't visually check out the other, there's a `what's the matter with
me?' kind of reaction. Sometimes there's a verbal response. Generally,
there's an admiration between the men.

Peltski says, "Looking good, Joey. What's going on?"

Private Reynolds responds, "Oh yeah, Kevin just trimmed up my forest."
Reynolds holds his hands in the air and turns around modeling his new trim.

"Looks really good, but why didn't he trim your pits, man?" Peltski asks
"I've gotta go get a trim myself. You assigned?"

"Yeah, I've got a Colonel that likes to get a little rough. And I can't
wait to help him out. But you're right. I gotta go get Kevin to trim these
pits. Thanks, Man" Joey tells him. "Actually, I should just do that right
now. Come with me."

Joey finds Kevin in the gym, having just finished a phone call. "Hey Kev,
Noah just reminded me that I need to get these trimmed," as he holds his
arms up to reveal huge dark patches of fur in his pits."

"Oh, yeah. I can take care of that. Lie down on the table with your arms
behind your head." The clippers make a SNAP sound as they engage, as Kevin
gets his face close to Joey's left arm pit. He gently pulls the hair away
in small strokes so as not to grab any skin. Joey's hair is just as thick
under his arms as they were in his crotch. Kevin takes in Joey's musk as he
brushes the overgrowth away with a comb. Kevin takes his time to get the
left pit all smooth and then gets his face and lips right into the pit and
gives it a lick test to see how it might feel. "Perfect." Kevin repeats the
process on the right Pit, but stays a little bit longer this time, licking
all around. As, Kevin backs away from Joey's pit, he gets his face right up
to Kevin's and says, "how does that feel, buddy?" Kevin also gently pinches
Joey's right nipple, just hard enough to make him jump with surprise. Kevin
looks to Owen and says "feel these. They're so fucking sexy."

Private Peltski puts his hand up to Joey's pit and rubs it. Joey just
smiles and wiggles his eyebrows and smiles. "You are so sexy." Kevin tells
him. "But you gotta get to packing now."

As Joey sits up, with a slightly chubbed up dick, he steps on the ground
and looks at Private Owen Peltski. "Kevin gives the BEST head. Take my word
for it."

"Good to know, thanks Joey. Is that true, Private Jones? Do you give the
best head?" Owen asks.

"Oh, does my reputation not precede me? I thought everyone knew about my
skills. Sit up here on the table. Do you want to be shaved completely, or
just a shaping? Shaved balls? Hole? Nipples, Pits, back of your neck? What
would you like?

"I want the full package, but maybe a little growth above my cock... and
maybe a blow job if you have the time." Owen tells Kevin.

"Well, look, it's way easier for me to shave your junk smooth if I can get
your skin a little bit taught, you know? Like tugging on you balls a
little, like this." Kevin pinches Owen's sack and pulls out, "Like
this. It's easier to keep your skin out of the blades." Of course, Owen's
cock jumps a bit ... Kevin takes a good deal of time to shave the hairs
under his balls and along the growing shaft. Once Kevin has the front
trimmed up he instructs Owen to turn over on his stomach and spread his
glutes. "Not much here but I'll get all these stray hairs." Kevin gets down
close and sniffs Owen's trench. "Wow, you smell so fresh."

"I should, I just cleaned out a few minutes ago. Maybe you can inspect my
hole and make sure it's immaculate." Kevin doesn't need to be asked
twice. He spits on Owen's hole and gets his own finger wet. The finger, as
if on it's own mission, dives right into the hole, firmly and with
seemingly no resistance, as though it was pre lubed. Kevin uses a second
finger that goes in just as easily.

"Are you prepped up for a client?" Kevin asks

"Well, kind of. I'm prepped up for taking something in my ass because I
don't know my client yet. So I'm exercising my hole. Better to be open than
too tight and get hurt. You wanna help me out?" Owen asks.

"Sure. Do you want a toy or a dick or a fist or what? Kevin asks him.

"Let's see how many fingers you can use. That'll help me decide."

"Okay, I'm gonna go for 3 fingers." Kevin pushes in and works his hand
around. "Pretty easy. Smooth. Let's do 4." Kevin pushes in again. "Okay,
I'm gonna slow down and put my whole fist in there." Kevin folds his hand
around to be a single protrusion and pushes is whole hand in and works it
around a little. Owen wasn't expecting this and moans. They're both
enjoying the sensations, but Kevin stops and tells Owen that he's not going
to go any deeper because he would need training for that. "You know, you're
gonna want to present a sexy hole no matter what. I don't want to open you
up too much. I hope you understand."

"I do. I appreciate that. But I also loved your hand in there. Maybe we can
take some tutoring later on." Owen says as Kevin pulls his fingers out
slowly.

"Shall I get the pit bush? Kevin asks

"I'd like that." Owen tells him.

"Lie down, put your hands behind your head." Kevin smiles and cleans the
hair out of Owen's pits with the electric razer pretty quickly. "Very
fucking sexy my friend. And I see that your cock is all hard and ready for
that blowjob." As Kevin is rubbing Owen's left pit with his right hand,
Kevin is fondling Owen's balls with his left hand. Private Jones leans over
Owen, still naked and lying on the table, and kisses him very
sweetly. Kevin's left hand moves up to Owen's stiff and freshly shaved rod,
and slowly glides his hand over it, beginning to edge the man, as they
kiss. Kevin continues to stroke Owen's cock, occasionally running his
fingers under his balls. Owen reaches up to stroke his own cock and Kevin
slaps away his hand. "Don't even think about it," Kevin says in a low,
quiet voice, while pausing the kiss just long enough to speak the
words. "This cock belongs to me right now."

Owen moans, but doesn't try touching himself for the time being. Kevin
slides his finger across Owen's left nipple leaving Owen to slightly twitch
as his body increases its response to Kevin's touch. Kevin owns him
now. Owen didn't object when Kevin told him that his cock belongs to
him. He yearns to be owned. He's quickly giving up to Kevin who's now
seizing the sexy man's control over his own cock. When Kevins' fingers
touch Owen's thigh or nipple, or when Kevin leans into kiss him, he spasms
just a bit.

"You're gonna cum in a minute... I'm gonna allow you to shoot a load,
Private." Kevin tells him.

"Yes sir," Owen whispers.

Kevin still stroking Owen's cock, leans over and takes the man's cock head
into his mouth and gently swirls his tongue around the man's glans for more
than a minute. Kevin strokes Owen's balls and continues to increase the
sucking pressure on the head. Owen's cock gets very hard from Kevin's
treatment. Owen's body jerks involuntarily. Kevin pulls off Owen's cock and
simply grabs both nipples and pinches them medium hard. "Shoot your jizz
now soldier." He then pinches harder and BOOM, Owen's dick shot off, no
hands.  Kevin immediately takes the cock into his mouth and sucks the cock
for all it's worth and Owen shoots again, this time down Kevin's throat.

"Oh my god. I can't believe that. That was incredible." Owen thanked Kevin
and he tried to catch his breath.

Two other guys started applauding, Paul came by for a trim and Arlo just
came by to workout. "Welcome gentlemen. Arlo, I'll be done with the gym in
a couple of hours at most. Shall I call you when I'm done?"  Arlo is good
with that. "Paul, what kind of trim would you like? Balls, crotch, nips,
under your arms?  I'm really enjoying this." Kevin says.

"What's giving you the kick about doing this?"  Private Porter asks.

"First, It's a fun kink. I get my hands on everyone's junk. You know, it's
a connection with all the men here. And I get to taste some of them. It's
been awesome, plus, I kind of think we should be doing this kind of
grooming stuff for each other regularly. So, what would you like?" Kevin
asks again.

"I want you to shave the hairs off my nipples, they look wild. Thin at the
top of my junk, but skin my balls and crotch. And, if you have time, I'd
love one of your famous BJs," Paul states.

"Really? My Blow Jobs are famous?" Kevin asks as he starts to trim down
Private Porter's pubes and balls.

"It's what all the guys have told me that you've given head to. And the
guys that you haven't sucked off definitely want you to. But, Dude, if
you'd rather do it sometime later, I'm fine with that." Private Porter
continues, "I mean, we kind of have most days during the week to do
that. I'm happy to reciprocate any time you'd like, it's just that I
probably won't be as good as you. Plus, you have such a great body. Maybe
we should just get a few guys together next week or something. Have a
little beer party. Which reminds me, most of the guys had so much fun at
your Birthday party that we'd kind of like to do that kind of thing every
once in a while. We all had so much fun when we introduced ourselves to
you. It only seems fair that you should feed us occasionally too. Would you
be up for that?"

"Of course. I'm really into all the guys here. I'd want to invite Tom and
Anton and there's a couple of brothers that I'd like to include. They need
some experience. I'll look at the calendar and see when most of the guys
are back here at the house.

"It's really cool how you've become friends with all the guys. But I have
to ask you a question." At your party you pissed in the First Sergeant's
mouth. How did you know that was gonna be okay?"

"He and I had a personal conversation when he told me he wanted to attend
the party. Because, you know, I got nervous about it," Kevin tells
Paul. But, we talked about what we were both into. I told him that I really
like piss. He told me he did too. He already knew I was a good cocksucker
because somebody told him. I asked him if he could just be one of the guys
at the party and he said he could. You kind of have to consider that he put
this unit together. He's into it all yet he has to keep his distance from
the hottest kinky men in the entire fuckin Army. That's gotta be difficult
to only watch and never touch. You know?"

"Wow. I never thought of that. He's just our First Sergeant. That's amazing
that you connected with him like that. But it seems that you always put
yourself out there," Paul tells Kevin. "Have you ever sucked his cock? I
hear it's huge."

"Well, we can't talk about that. I mean, if you wanted to tell somebody
that I sucked your dick it wouldn't be a problem. But if I sucked the
Sergeant, it wouldn't be protocol to discuss it. But I'll remind you that
here at the house, we don't ever get to tell anyone 'no' to such a
request. Right?" Kevin asks.

"True, but you said I could tell anyone that you sucked my cock. But you
haven't sucked my cock." Paul reminds Kevin.

"I haven't sucked your cock.... YET!  So, do you just want a quick BJ or
you want to wait for a time when I don't have to hurry. I'd really love it
if I would wait to have sufficient time to worship your beautiful cock and
balls, Private. But, it's up to you."

Private Porter hearing Kevin's compliments of his `beautiful cock' and it
started to grow like Pinocchio's nose. Kevin couldn't help but put his
hands around the girth. "Oops... I forgot to test it to see if I got all
the hairs." Kevin licked up the stalk and then stroked it several times and
then licked all around his balls, his taint and up his newly smooth
crotch. "I think I got all the stray hairs, but as long as you're here with
your hard cock in my hand, maybe we both could just get a small taste for
later." He takes Paul's boner into his mouth, continuing to stroke it. And
then, still stroking, stands up and kisses the Private full-face. "You are
so fucking sexy, Paul." And then dive back down on his cock to finish the
job. "Wanna shoot in my mouth?" Kevin asks.

The answer was apparent and didn't need words to know the answer. He shot
almost instantly.

As Kevin passed a damp hand towel to Private Paul Porter, he says "Maybe we
can spend a little more time next time, if you'd like."



________________________________


Day 19 1650

Tom arrives at the House. Kevin is there, Anton is back from touring the
boys around the base. Kevin is the only one naked between the three of
them.

"Hey Tom," Kevin throws his arms around Tom and squeezes. "Everything
okay?"

Tom: " everything`s fine but I'm really ready to get naked with you. I want
to be touched everywhere. Am I pushing too hard?"

Kevin: "not really. I'm all horned up to. I've been trimming up the boys
and I've been practicing on, all of them, waiting for you. I definitely
wanna manhandle you, if you're up for it"

"Anton. How did the tour go? Did the boys appreciate it? Did anything
particularly fascinate them?

Anton: "pretty much everything, but mostly the men. By the time we were
done, David was almost drooling. Most of the questions were something like
` does he like to have sex?' And the answer was always No!  They certainly
are horny little fucks.

Kevin: "did you guys find anything they could participate in, such as
painting or fixing shit?"

Anton: "yeah, there were a few things that they told me they could do.. I'm
going to make a list and share it with all you guys. Tom, did the sergeant
give you any clue about what kind of projects he might want do around his
house? my guess is that the boys won't be able to distinguish between this
and that. In other words, everything is just gonna be one long list for
them.

Kevin: "Anton. A couple of guys brought something up to me today... They
loved the birthday party and they want to do more activities like that. It
occurs to me that the boys might really enjoy themselves and they certainly
would be fun for our housemates if the sergeant would let them
participate. I think they can handle it. It might also do them some good
too do things separately.

"Do you really think that they're ready for something like that?" Asks
Corporal Tom, "I was barely ready for it at the first party.... Though I
loved every second of it."

"hey guys I have another issue to discuss." Private Jones stated. "I'm got
to get a fucking drivers license In the next day or so. I'm guessing that
both of you were probably really busy tomorrow. Do any of you have any free
time to give me a quick review of my driving skills and then maybe ask me
some questions that might be on the test?"

Anton responds, "normally I would, but I've been assigned out for the
weekend with one of my clients. Tom, do you remember if I'm flying to San
Francisco or Denver and when do I leave?

"You're flying to San Francisco to meet Colonel Thomas Barrinson on
Friday." Says Tom.

"Yeah, Tom... You're not supposed to use names. Though I think it doesn't
matter between just us, but we typically try to use codenames or
something. But, anyway, Kevin, if I am not leaving until Friday afternoon,
then yes I would have some time tomorrow morning. Tom, can you arrange a
car for the day?

"That's awesome, guys. Thank you. Sergeant Zelsky`s coming in next week."
Kevin thanks his buddies. "I need to pick him up at the airport and show
him around. I wonder where he's going to stay. I think he typically stays
at Sergeant Brown's place but the boys are there now. Should I call him and
ask or do we know that at this point?

Tom: "Okay, how come I have to use code names and you don't?"

Anton: "Because Zelsky chose for you all to know him when he came to the
party. He revealed his identity, though it's probably a good policy to not
mention names outside of our circle, just in case we were overheard. I just
think we should always be careful.

Tom: "Okay, makes sense. You know something just occurred to me. Deke and
David have a Utah Driver's License, don't they? Maybe Sergeant Brown would
let us borrow his car for the test. The boys have probably taken the test
more recently than anyone else we know. But I'll go look up the Utah
Drivers test for notes and I'll ask the Sergeant. And I'll ask him about
where Zelsky is gonna stay.

Anton: "Good thought. Besides, it will give the boys something to work
on. Let us know about Zelsky.

Tom Calls Sergeant Brown right away and asks the two questions: "Good
Afternoon, Sir. Private Brown is inquiring where Sergeant Zelsky will be
staying as he's flying in on Monday. Yes, Sir. May I suggest that if he
doesn't have other arrangements that Anton can arrange a room for him at
the house? There are two or 3 extra rooms. Ok, I'll pass that along. So you
want Kevin to call him and explain the situation? No Sir, I'm sure that's
fine. One more question Sir, would you mind if I asked the Twins to review
the Driver's License Test with Kevin? Okay, good.... Would you mind if he
used your personal car to take the Driver's Test? Yes Sir, you're correct,
it is two questions, I'm sorry Sir... Okay, Sir, thank you Sir."

Tom updates Anton and Kevin. "He wants you to call Zelsky and explain that
Brown doesn't have a room available at his place and that you'll arrange a
room for him at the House if he doesn't mind that. I mean, the rooms are
small but they're clean and he can use the whole place if he wants. The
Rooms do have Doors, not like typical barracks.

Kevin agrees and figures he should call Zelsky sooner than later. "Sergeant
Zelsky? This is Private Kevin Jones, Sir. I've been appointed as your
Ambassador for whenever you travel out to the West on Business, Sir. I look
forward to serving you, Sir! Yes, thank you Sir. Yes, it will be fun for me
too Sir... yes Sir, the Sergeant did tell me that he talked to you about
it, but I wanted to express my enthusiasm for my assignment, Sir. Sir,
there's something else: Sergeant Brown's guest room is not available at the
moment. I was wondering if you'd like for me to find you a room at a local
hotel or if you'd care to use one of our private rooms at the house?
They're small but clean. Yes, I'll tell Private Anton and Corporal Tom
Lansford. And Sir, I will be picking you up at the Airport. I'll meet you
curbside Sir. Sir? Do you have my phone number in your phone? That's good
to know Sir. Oh, thank you sir. Good bye."

"He'll be staying with us here, Is that okay with everybody? Kevin asked

"Yeah, of course. I guess I'll just be staying at my house for a few
days... I've kind of gotten used to sleeping here." Tom lamented.

"I'm good with you being here, though we may have to be very
flexible. Anton, if something happens that Tom needs to evacuate my room
can he go find a bed upstairs? Kevin asks.

"Yea, sure. But we should just not come to any conclusions." Anton
advises. "Besides, you can always come to my room and sleep with me."

"Guys, I really need to focus on getting me to pass the Driver's test. I
need your help." Kevin pleads.

"I suggest that we get a really early start on that," Tom says. "And don't
forget that Hank arrives tomorrow early afternoon as well and you're
meeting him at the airport."

"Oh shit, I'm glad you reminded me. Kevin, go with me to the airport and
we'll talk about the driver's test all the way there.' Anton tells Kevin.

"You guys hungry?" Tom asks. "I'm starving."

"Is there Thai food anywhere?" Kevin asks

Tom: "Thai food? I'm not even sure what that is"

Anton: "It's pretty good. We have to drive like 45 minutes... if they're
even still there. Let's look it up... yeah, there's a Thai Grill in North
Ogden. Maybe 35 mins drive."

"Fuck! We don't have a car. Lemme see if I can get one." Tom tells them.
"Hold on. The Sergeant is calling me. Hi Sir. Yes, Sir. I'm standing here
with Anton and Kevin. We're just thinking about getting some dinner
ourselves... Where do you want to go? Well, we were talking about Thai
food, but we don't even have a car... Yes, but that would make a total of
6. Yes, great Sir, Thank you, Sir."

"So, we're having dinner with the Sergeant and the twins, right?" Anton
said.

"Yup. The Sergeant offered to pick us up in 10 mins. He has the van."
Reports Tom. "Kevin, go put some clothes on. Anton, can you get the address
for the restaurant please?"

The Sergeant pulls up in front. Deke is in the passenger seat, David in
back. But there are 3 more seats for Anton, Tom and Kevin, who climb right
in. All of the Army guys are dressed in Fatigues.

"Are we headed to the Thai Place?

All the Army men agreed. Deke speaks up, "We have no idea what that is. But
we're up for trying it."

"Sir, I have the address. Do you want me to drive or Navigate?" Anton asks.

"Just tell me where to go, for now."

"So, Kevin, Tell me your driving experience. Did you have your own car?"
Sergeant Brown inquires. "Have you had any accidents?"

"No Sir, I'm a careful driver. I drove my mother's car for the most part. I
did get my License was I was 16." Private Jones answered.

"Good. So, yes I am lending you my car to take your test tomorrow. Just
please be careful. It's not brand new and it's a large Sedan, but you're
responsible for it, understand?" Sergeant Brown tells him.

"Yes Sir, thank you Sir." Jones answers

Anton: "Sir, I'll be picking up Hank at the airport tomorrow. I'm hoping to
get his phone number in case I can't find him. But, then, Sir, I'm deployed
through Monday, just so you know."

Brown: "Thanks for telling me. I'm not sure when he leaves. Who knows, he
might want to head back to the airport as soon as he sees my house."

"What's the matter with your house, Sir?" Tom asks.

"It looks a bit dingy and frumpy. It needs some attention." The First
Sergeant says.

Tom thinks about it for a few minutes as they continue their ride to the
Thai restaurant. He'll chat with the twins after they arrive.

With Anton's directions, Sergeant Brown drives up to the restaurant and
parks pretty close to the entrance. Everyone piles out, but Corporal Tom
holds the boys outside for a 30 second conversation. "Guys, do you two know
how to pressure wash a house?"

"Yes. We've done that with our dad." Deke replies.

"Is there a pressure washer at the house?

"No," Deke tells him.

"If I can get one delivered to the house in the morning can you two get
that done tomorrow?" Tom asks

"Yes."

"Can you rake up leaves and water the plants outside? Maybe wash dishes and
vacuum the house.?" Tom asks

"Of course. We'll do inside first until the pressure machine arrives." Deke
says.

"We can do this." David says

"Good. Thank you!" Tom tells them. "Let's not tell the Sergeant. It'll be a
surprise, okay?"  Both boys flash a conspiratorial grin at Tom.

Tom waits for the Sergeant to go to the bathroom before he asks Anton, "Can
these guys stay at the house tomorrow night and maybe over the weekend? I
think The Sergeant might appreciate some privacy."

Anton: "So guys, can you pack a bag for the weekend, just in case? I'll
pick you up when I drop Hank at the Sergeant's house in the late
afternoon."

When the Sergeant returns to the table all of the men are grinning. The
sergeant asks, "what's up?

"We were just enjoying how David was pronouncing the names of the Thai
Dishes on the menu. He was worried that the "panda specialties" on the menu
was actually Panda.

Brown: "I see. So, I'm not terribly familiar with Thai food either. Anybody
have a favorite Thai dish?

_______________________


When Anton, Kevin and Tom get dropped back at the house, Tom explains the
arrangements he's made with his contact, Private Sean Covin, at the Motor
Pool. They have a pressure washer to deliver to the Sergeants' house in the
morning and that the twins will clean the place up. Anton and Kevin think
that's pretty clever. "Well, thanks. I appreciate that, but it's what I
do," Tom responded. "I fit square pegs into round holes."

Kevin, put his hand up to Tom's face and seductively said "You know, I'm
ready for you to fit your big peg into my round hole."

"Oh yeah? You're gonna a have to take a bit of time getting it all hard."
Tom suggests. "You up for that?"

"I certainly am. But I think I probably should shower first. Want to join
me?"

They get wet. "I need a cleanout. Want to do the honors?" Kevin asks.

"I do." Tom grabs some goo from the wall mounted dispenser and pushes Kevin
over, bending him as the waist and rubbing his lubed fingers in Kevin's
hole. Tom knows Kevin's capabilities and limits and knows that Kevin can
take a couple of fingers without too much
preparation.   Kevin jumps a little bit on his toes
as Tom hears a tiny screech, more from the cold temperature of the gel than
from the size of the fingers. Tom doesn't proceed slowly, he just keeps
pumping his fingers into Kevin's very sexy ass. And when he's done opening
Kevin's hole, he withdraws his fingers and give's Kevin's ass a rather loud
smack.

"Kevin responds with an "OHHHhhh fuck."  Tom smacks his ass again harder
this time just to establish his domination over Kevin .. and his ass. Tom
just stands there glaring at Kevin, but with a smile of
self-satisfaction. "You sure you're ready for this?" Tom asks again.

"Yes, SIR! I am. In fact, I think you just were testing me to see if I like
getting spanked as much as you do. I do. At least I did just now. That was
pretty Dom of you. So, are you taking over for tonight?"

"I think you already know the answer. I am." Tom whips out a small length
of rope that he had stuffed away around the corner and ties Kevin's wrists
behind his back, tightly. Then tom pushes Kevin over again, and pulls the
retractable clean out hose from the wall. "Push your hole out a little."
Tom sticks the tip of the hose into Kevin's hole and presses the thumb
valve for about 6 seconds, forcing a good bit of warm water into his
rectum. "Okay, squat over the drain and push it out." Kevin does as he's
told. "Stand up... again." Tom squirts more water up Kevin's
asshole. "Squat. Expel." Very nice. Tom grabs a clean white towel and pats
his playmate dry. Then dries himself off. "Get the fuck upstairs." Kevin
leaves quickly for his room.

"That was fun." Anton observed. "Have fun."

Kevin marched up the stairs to his room. "Bend over." Tom ordered
him. "Don't fucking move." Tom grabbed the paddle hidden under the gym
shorts that he keeps in Kevin's bottom drawer. "You're gonna count these
off so that everyone in the building can hear you. Because they will
certainly hear the sound of the paddle. Ready?"

"Yes Sir.  THWACK...  ONE, THWACK, TWO."

"Nope. We're gonna start again. It's ONE, SIR!

THWACK. "One, Sir". THWACK "two Sir."

"That's much better Private, "Tom tells Kevin.  The discipline continues to
the count of 12 only. "Now, are you ready to get fucked like the sub boy
you are?

"Yes Sir, do you need for this sub to suck your cock first, Sir? Kevin asks

"Get on your knees and get my cock in your mouth." Tom orders him. "You can
see now that my dick is plenty hard enough to fuck you. I am very turned on
from giving you the beating, but I need to take care of some other
business, Private. I need to take a piss."

"Yes sir. I'm ready" As Tom pisses a large bladder full into Kevin's mouth
he orders Kevin to "suck it sub boy," as Tom continues to piss.  Tom's cock
gets even harder as a response to pumping his cock into Tom's mouth.

"That was wonderful sir. I loved that," Kevin tells Tom
enthusiastically. "You know that's like one of my favorite things."

"That was great. That was the first time I ever pissed through my hard
cock." Tom shares with Kevin. "I want to do that again in a while."

"You still gonna fuck me... SIR?" Kevin asks.

Tom: "I definitely am. Has anyone ever pissed in your ass, Kevin?"

Kevin: "No sir. I want you to have that honor first."

As Tom lines up his dick with Kevin's butt hole, Tom tells him "I only took
you discipline to a count of twelve. You know why?"

"I guess I don't." Kevin replied.

"Because I liked it way too much." Tom told him.

"Tom... You can take it much further if you want. I can take it from you. I
know that you love me.... Sir"

Tom shoves his cock into Kevin's ass almost all the way in one
push. "You're right Kevin. I love you almost as much as I love fucking
you." Tom pummels Kevin's ass for the next 12 minutes, only grunting from
time to time, both men in full heat. Kevin's orgasm growing out of his
prostate. Tom's orgasm bubbling up from his balls. Kevin fires off a solid
load first, inspiring Tom to shoot into Kevin's guts, feeling Tom's load as
it blasts over his prostate. Both men experiencing a post orgasmic
high. Both of the men happily playing with the goo all over Kevin's abs and
chest. Tom reaching below Kevin's balls to see if he's leaking cum. He
is. Both focussing on cleaning up the mess. Tom instructing Kevin to lick
it all up, and suck his dick clean.

`I understand, Tom." Kevin tells him. "I love your body so much too."

Tom leans over and kisses his sub boy, passionately. "Kevin kisses him,
accepting his tongue into his mouth, and softly says "The next time we
fuck, I'm gonna be your Dom, Understand?

"Of course I understand. But I'm hoping you'll spank me harder next time."

"Tom... I want you to leave your dick in my ass for awhile. Don't pull out
yet."

Tom didn't really want to pull out. They fell asleep in that position, with
Kevin head on Tom's chest, with drool leaking onto Tom's nipple. They will
wake up in the middle of the night glued to one another.


More of the story soon.

---

Untitled (Chapter 25)

Date: Tue, 24 Jun 2025 15:25:31 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 35

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you think of the story.


New Orders 35


Day 19     0500



"Good morning Hot Stuff," Private Jones says to Corporale Lansford. "I
loved snuggling with you all night."

"I know. I love your hands all over my naked body all night long. Did you
even sleep? Tom responded.

"I think I sleep even better if I can be touching you constantly. I love to
run my fingers over your butt and back and I love when you do that to me
too. It makes me feel secure." Kevin says as he nuzzles Tom's neck.

"I didn't know that I was your security blanket. But I love being
that. Have you ever had a security blanket get hard from just brushing up
against its nipples?"

"No. Just you, buddy. But, Tom, I've never had a boyfriend to sleep with
before. You're it." Kevin tells Tom. Tom, who'd been facing away from
Kevin, in his sleeping role as little spoon, turns around to kiss Kevin,
now facing him. The two naked Army men are enthralled in one another's
arms, in bliss, not leaving this position for a while, while both of the
men's dicks are growing harder. They both had semis for most of the night
due to their constant touching, but now each of them are focused on orally
satisfying their partner.  "Do you want coffee first or a blowjob first?

Tom answers quickly, "You must want coffee first or you wouldn't have asked
that question. I'll run down and get us a couple of cups. But don't you
dare forget what the objective is." Tom smiles broadly. "Be right back."

"You feel okay about walking downstairs with your big old dick all hard
like that?" Kevin asks

"At this hour of the morning all the guys are naked and are sporting
morning wood, you know that." Tom responds.

"Do you want me to protect you?" Kevin jokes, smiling back.

As Tom makes his way into the kitchen to find some coffee, Private
Sebastian Carter walks up behind him, and puts his hand on Tom's shoulder
while telling him, "That was so fucking hot last night. I loved the whole
scene, watching Kevin eat you out was just awesome. So, thanks for the
inspiration."

"Well, watching your suck Private Anton's cock was pretty inspiring too,"
Tom tells Sebastian. "I've been hard all night. I have to take these
coffees upstairs."

"Is this a private party? Can I come up?" Seb asks

"I guess that's up to you." Tom tells him.

"I'll grab a cup of coffee too." Sebastian tells him.

Sebastian, bounding up the stairs with his cup o' Joe, enters the room just
10 seconds after Tom hands a cup to Kevin, "We're about to have a guest,"
Tom got out just as Sebastian enters.

"What are we doing? You gonna suck dicks?" Seb asked enthusiastically. "Can
I join?

Kevin, surprised, remembers that he has instructions to `never say no' to
anyone in the house. "Sure, we're just about to take advantage of some nice
morning boners."

"Well you remember me. I love ass and sucking dick. You both have pretty
sweet dicks. I'd love to watch or help get you both off. Whatever you
want."

Tom tells him "I'm about to suck Kevin's dick. Why don't you help me with
nipples and balls for the moment? You probably want to finish your coffee."

"Nah... I'd rather lick balls." Sebastian tells both men. Tom gives both
men a few strokes, but takes Kevin's cock into his mouth which reacts
instantly to the anticipated BJ. Kevin goes from half hard to achingly
stiff in about 10 seconds a Tom takes the entire length into his mouth for
just a few seconds. Tom knows that he can't yet do that for very long and
that Kevin will have to train him to take his cock into his throat, but he
also kind of wants to show off to Sebastian. Tom wants to be one of the
boys at the house, and he wants to demonstrate his attachment to Private
Jones at the same time.

Tom holds Kevin's ball sack up for Seb to lick, pushing on the back of
Seb's neck just a little bit to guide his service down to Kevin's taint.
Kevin responds with a moan. As Tom raises himself up to give a strong kiss
to Kevin, Tom guides Seb's mouth up to take over sucking Kevin's 8- inch
dick. Tom continues to play in Kevin's mouth, but grabs Kevins Left nipple
and pinches it rather aggressively, causing his cock to drip with
pre-cum. Seb grunts in appreciation.

Kevin starts jacking Tom's oversized cock slowly, just to keep his
attention. Kevin moves Seb's attention to Tom's hard cock. "You wanna suck
something really nice, Seb? Open your mouth." Kevin pushes his mouth down
on Tom's stiff pole. "Isn't that awesome? Have you ever tasted anything
that good? The only thing more delicious is his ass." Kevin tells Seb,
though he's really heaping praise onto his boyfriend. As Tom shoots a load
into Sebastian's mouth, he gets ahold of Kevin's dick one again and jacks
him almost to fruition. Seb positions his face right under Kevin's ass and
then pulls him down onto his face for only a few moments. Tom moves down to
finish Kevin while Seb's tongue stabs his ass. Kevin shoots a powerful load
into Tom's mouth, leaving Sebastian the only one left unsatisfied. Tom
tells Kevin to just continue sitting on Seb's face and moves himself around
to suck Seb's cock while playing roughly with his balls. Tom gets a second
load but lets it drool out of his mouth onto Seb's crotch and then rubs the
cum all over his balls and stomach.

"We gotta get cleaned up." Says Kevin anxiously. All three men head down to
the showers.

Greg Miller, setting up the Nutrition Bar, gets a glimpse of the three guys
and comments, "Well, we've been busy this morning." All three men smile
back.

Tom and Kevin wash each other's back, Seb joining in, and getting in on the
clean out too. But they need to get on with the morning. Sex took longer
than expected and now they only have 20 minutes to get dried, groomed,
dressed for a run, and fed something nutritious. Maybe even a second coffee
if there's time. Sebastian inserts himself in the kissing and drying off
ceremony. Kevin and Tom both kiss Seb on the mouth and say 'Thanks. That
was fun."

"Do you have time to run with us this morning." Kevin asks Tom.

"Not sure. I'll call the Sergeant and ask him." Tom tells him

"Good morning, Sir. Do I have time to go for a run with the boys this
morning or do you need me in the office prior to 0745?" Tom
questions. "Thank you, Sir."

"I can go for the run." Tom tells Kevin.

"Okay, great. Anton and I are supposed to meet with the Sergeant at 1100
hours this morning but I should confirm that with Anton." Kevin posits

Kevin finds the run a little less easy today, which he keeps to himself. He
suffers a bit from a few days off. Just slightly more exertion and maybe he
should cut back on the alcohol a bit, but he doesn't really want to say
that out loud so that anyone else might later remind him. So, he'll just
suffer through it as well as his workout, which he finds even tougher.

"Good morning, Private Anton. How are you doing?" Kevin asks when he finds
Anton in his office. "Have you confirmed the 1100 hour meeting with the
Sergeant?"

"Good morning, Private Jones. I'm doing splendidly after last evenings bit
of exertion. I slept like a baby.  We should do that every night. And, Yes,
I have confirmed the meeting with Sergeant Brown in his office. Let's plan
to walk over at 1050 from here. That's only 45 minutes from now.

"Great, I'll go put on some big boy pants and I'll be ready," Kevin assures
him.

After getting dressed Kevin has a few minutes to kill. He looks up `Deke'
on his phone and presses CALL on his phone. Deke answers, "Hello?" Kevin
smiles and asks how it's all going? "It's great. We both like being
here. We want to come see the Army base. Will you give us a tour? Tyrone is
like our uncle or something"

"I'm going to see Sergeant Brown in a bit and I'll ask him about that."
Kevin tells him. "Are you finding everything you need? "Do you need to go
to the store for anything?

Meeting in Sergeant Brown's office at 1100.  Kevin and Anton walked in
together. "Good morning, again" greets Corporal Tom. "I understand that
we're having a meeting with the First Sergeant. Let me see if he's ready."
Tom presses a button on his phone, "Sir, Privates Anton and Jones are here
for your 1100 meeting. Yes, Sir."  We can go in. All three men walk into
the Sergeant's office.

"Please have a seat. I've invited all 3 of you in here to discuss
this. Tom, I'm sure you know a little bit about this. We dragged a couple
of boys back from the Street Fair. The three of us decided to... LOOSELY,
adopt these boys feeling that we could be a good influence on their
lives. You'll meet them a little bit later, they're coming to look
around. They seem to be really good boys and they're probably going to be
helpful to me. But, what I want to ask you is to help me guide them. I'm
hiring them to do some chores around my house, but maybe more. We kind of
need to get them up and out in the sense of a career and friends etc. I'm
not really sure what I'm asking of each of you, but I definitely need help.

"Thank you for including me, Sir." Tom states.

"Yeah... um you might find this to be a bit of a burden. They're gonna be a
handful. If it becomes too much then you can opt out, but please help me
out. I think the reason that we want to help these guys is because we just
couldn't walk away from them. It probably would haunt all of us if we just
left them there, never knowing what would become of them. They seem so
vulnerable and, in some ways, pretty mature. I don't want to piss them off
and have them run away from us, but we definitely need to become their
family unit in order to pull this off. And, Tom, we really had an
interesting and fun time in San Francisco... but these twin boys are very
kinky guys and they could be more than a hand full.  So, we need to stick
together. I know that we already have plenty to do, but I think we can help
these guys out. They'll be living in my house for the foreseeable future. I
don't intend for them to be sex partners, but they definitely have their
feelers out to figure out who's dick they can suck. They don't have any
filters in this regard. They just want what they want.

"I realize that this isn't any of my business, but... did they have sex
with any of you?"

"Sir, if I may answer," Kevin interjects, "Yes. These boys only have each
other, but they are both subs and they were only achieving great
frustration so we were giving them a bit of sex education so that they
could discover more about themselves."

"Tom, I know that you and Kevin have a thing going, and I think that's
great. But what Kevin did for these boys was an act of mercy. These poor
guys didn't have a clue about where to start. Private Jones was able to
inspire them to get started. He's good at getting things like this moving
in the right direction." The Sergeant tells Tom.

"Yes, Sir. I'm well aware." Tom blushes realizing what he was sharing with
his boss.

Anton shares, "Kevin is a sexual cheerleader, but then that's what got him
here. Sergeant Zelsky recognized that and sent him to us. I for one am
grateful."

"Sir, I'm very happy to hear that you want us to put our arms around the
boys." Kevin adds, "We all just need to feed them positivity and get them
on a good track. Shall we coordinate every 3 or 4 days, Sir?"

"Yes, but if something urgent comes up, text all of us. That goes for all
of us. Thank you Gentlemen." They all stand waiting to be dismissed. "Tom,
please remain for a moment. The rest of you can go."

"I think you're a lucky guy to be involved with Kevin. And I think Kevin is
a lucky guy to be involved with you. Truly. I watch him light up when he
talks about you or to you on the phone. It's probably difficult knowing
that he has responsibilities to the unit.  I have to tell you that Kevin
has lifted the attitude and morale of the unit by a big step. And they
really needed it. I even see it with Anton. He's stepped it up too. Kevin's
Birthday party, it got all the guys activated. I'm not even sure that Kevin
knows he's got that effect on these guys, he's just got a positive
attitude. But let me tell you the most important part. Our client brass are
enthused too. They can feel the change. We have the ability to have a
positive effect on these senior decision makers. Our ambassadors are also
the Army's lobbyists to these men. That is why this unit exists, and Kevin
is making a difference.

Sergeant Brown continues... "So please take care of this guy. It might feel
like it's just sex to you, but that's just a tiny bit of it. He wants to do
a great job for this unit and he is doing a great job, and he hasn't even
been assigned out yet."

"Sir, I just got a note that Zelsky is going to be in Denver on some Army
business this coming week. Shall I assign Kevin to him?"

"Good idea. But I'll call Zelsky to confirm that. I'll let you know," the
Sergeant tells Tom. "I didn't tell you this because I want you to repeat it
to Kevin. I think I'd prefer that you didn't, but I'm not forbidding it."

Tom goes back to his desk and starts to swim in thought. He hadn't ever
realized the full mission of the unit. He's feeling proud to be part of
it. He's feeling like he really wants to support his sexy buddy, Kevin.


After the meeting, Anton and Kevin put out the word to all of the
Ambassador's whether they're assigned out or not, but especially those that
are leaving in the next couple of days. "Just tell them all, no matter
what. First come first served." Anton says.

"We doing haircut trims too?" Kevin asks

"Whatever they want that we can handle. Have you ever cut hair?" Anton
guesses.

 "Just my own. I think we should do this in the gym, and maybe we should
use that massage table." Kevin thinks out loud.

"Yeah, good idea. Let's just set up shop and do it this afternoon and
tomorrow morning since some of the guys are out as of tomorrow afternoon."
Anton suggests.

"Shall we practice on each other first?" Kevin asks.

"I hadn't thought about that, but it's a good idea. Should have done that
before Dore Ally." Anton quips "Let's go get the room tuned up. Where's the
massage table?"

"I'm not sure where that got put. But I'll get it out." Anton tells him.

Immediately there are 3 guys walking to the office to talk about
particulars of their itineraries. "Private Peltski and Private Butler are
flying out between 1500 and 1600, Private Reynolds is picking up his
Lieutenant Colonel at 1400 all at SLC. So Joey, you need to get these two
to their flight terminals prior to picking up the Colonel, understand,
gentlemen?" Anton directs, and picks up the phone and dials, Corporal
Tom. "Can we get a nice big car for Private Reynolds to pick up the Colonel
tomorrow afternoon. They'll be pulling out of here 1300 latest. Yes,
Private Joey Reynolds will be the driver. Okay, thanks." Anton says, "You
guys want to get your balls trimmed up for your dates?

All three men think that's a good idea. Anton tells them to come back in
half an hour.

"Anton, I think we will need an extension cord. And we need the massage
table." Kevin emphasizes

"Im on it." Anton tells Kevin. "And Go find Greg. He can help with this."

Kevin flies up the stairs to Greg's room, and luckily finds him
reading. "We could use your help if you're free. We're going to start to
trim up some hair on some of the boys, especially the ones that are
assigned out tomorrow and Wednesday. Can you spare some time."

"I can this afternoon but I'm also signed out starting Thursday." Private
Miller tells him.

The three men meet in the Gym. "Who's first" Greg asks.

"Um, I guess I will," Kevin offers himself.

Greg tells Kevin and Anton he's cut hair in the past. "How do you want this
trimmed, Kevin? You want a little patch up here," asks Greg as he draws an
imaginary outline above Kevin's cock. "Are we shaving your balls? What
about your butt crack?

"Good Questions," Kevin kind of shoots a sort of apprehensive look at
Anton. "Let's just shave it all off, I'm tired of hauling around this
bush," Kevin says sarcastically. And can you clean up the back of my neck
when you're done?'

"Okay, you want to stand or lie down for this?" Greg asks. "Lie down I
think." Kevin answers.

"The trim blade needs to lie down like this against the skin to get it to
cut smoothly. You don't want to get any skin caught," Greg explains to
Anton. "I won't be able to help our tomorrow `cause I'm headed out. So
you're both going to be doing this. It's pretty fun because You get to
handle everyone's junk. It's helpful to get the guys a little hard so that
you can pull their stuff taught as you shave. Like, here, when you shave
the balls down, you have to pull the sack out a bit, actually kind of
stretched so you can get all the hairs and not make them bleed. Have you
ever shaved your own balls, Anton?"

"Uh, yeah sure. But not recently. I did get my chicken skin caught in the
teeth once. Bled pretty good. But I appreciate the reminding course. Very
helpful. And fun to watch. I love seeing you pull hard on Kevin's
sack. That's hot." Anton encourages them both, and grinning.

"The only thing that would make this better," Kevin tells them "would be if
I were tied down to the table. That would really make my dick hard."

Greg looks up smiling at Kevin and says, "Doesn't look to be a problem for
you. You're getting hard just talking about it." Greg feels the smooth skin
all around the now hardening cock. "Look at how pretty this looks. Makes
your dick look bigger too. So... time to turn over on your stomach and
spread your ass for me... I love saying that."  Greg clips the hairs around
Kevin's butthole very carefully. Really only one hair at a time and then
mows down the heavy growth on either side of his pretty hole.  "This is
more lie weed whipping when the growth is this heavy. I'm just kidding,
it's not that bad for a guy who's as hairy as you are. So, feel your
hole. Does that feel good? Kevin agrees that it does but Greg finds a
couple hairs hiding under his balls and shaves them off. You look like a
porn star, my friend. Now sit up and I'll get the back of your neck. You
know, you've got some strays on your shoulders and on your ears that I'm
taking off."

"Wow, Anton says...

"One more test..." Greg leans over and swipes Kevin's hole with his
tongue." Yup... smooth! Next..." Greg looks at Anton. "Your turn."

"I'd like to try too." Kevin says, speaking to Greg. "Want me to clean you
up now too? Or shall we both work on Anton?"

"Let'd do Anton first and then you can do me. Anton isn't hairy like you
and his hair is fairly light in color. Anton, come sit here on the table."
Greg directs his friend. "Do you want it all shaved or do you want a patch
left above your dick? And do you want your balls to be hairless?"

"I'll leave it up to you." Anton says.

"What do you think will look best on Anton?" Greg asks Kevin.

"He needs a little shaped bush on top, completely shaved balls and smooth
hole," Kevin advises

Anton: "go for it."

Greg tells Kevin to hold Anton's shaft out of the way. He does, slightly
and slowly slipping his grip down the big dick so that he's only holding it
by the big spongy head, Kevin gently teasing it, pretending that's it's
purely innocent. Anton's dick is slowly growing as Kevin manipulates
it. Greg is giving a nice shape to the patch of hair that he's working on,
shaving down all the portions of skin below and beside the big dick. Greg
pulls Anton's big balls out of the way, giving the clippers access to the
hair on either side and then gently stretches the scrotum to get to all
those hairs. Continuing down to his taint, shaving it all smooth.

"Okay, big man. Lie down on your stomach. Kevin, I'm going to spread his
glutes so you can get into his crack. You know what to do?" Greg asks as he
hands Kevin the clippers.

"I do." Kevin takes a small wet white towel and wipes Anton's crack. And
then begins to take gentle swipes at it with the clippers, clearing the
unkempt trench of feathery hair.  "I never realized how much of a jungle
there is in here... Okay," Turning to Greg, "Do you want to give it the
tongue test or should I do this?"

"You first," Greg tells Kevin. Kevin licks Anton's taint all the way up,
over his hole, to the top of his trench...

"Much better. Give it a test." Kevin says to Greg. Greg pulls Anton's torso
back such that his legs are on the ground but he's still laying on his
stomach. Greg repeats the tongue test, while Kevin dives under the table
and takes Anton's mostly still hard cock in his mouth, Greg stopping to
taste Anton's hole by penetrating the man's starfish with his tongue.

"Jesus. Oh my god." Anton gasps, having not anticipated this level of
involvement with his hair trimmers.

"You know you're not finished. Sit up here on the table and I'll trim some
hairs on the back of your neck," Greg tells Anton. "Kevin, you can keep
going if you want." Kevin keeps servicing the big dick.

Anton responds, "He definitely wants to ... "

Right at that moment First Sergeant Tyrone Brown walks in looking for
Anton, followed by the twins that are now staying with the
Sergeant. "Ahem!" the Sergeant said loudly in order to announce their
arrival. Private Jones, Private Anton and Private Miller all jump to
attention, each of the men's penises also standing at full attention.

"Sorry Sir, we are just getting ready to groom the men who are deploying
out for Ambassadorial duties over the next two days, Sir," Anton explains,
still standing at attention.

The Sergeant delaying his order to be `at ease' as he is having some fun
torturing the young soldiers. "It's wonderful to see my men so engaged in
their work... At ease gentlemen. You remember Deke and David."

Deke says "Hi Kevin." David says "Hi Anton." Private Miller's mind is
racing, trying to put the pieces together.

"That was pretty hot," Deke comments and then looks up at the Sergeant and
says, "what would you like for us to do?"

"Which of you wants to give these two a tour around the base?" Said the
First Sergeant

"I'd like to give them the tour," Anton responds

"All right, Private. Can you drop them off at my office in let's say in 90
minutes? The Sergeant asks.

Anton: "yes sir. Anything you want me to focus on?"

Sergeant Brown: "The Motor pool, the gym. The `Facilities'of the
base. Explain what they do here on the base. Give these two an idea of what
goes on here."

"We want to know what goes on here. Like in this house." David says

"This is where a few different men live, like us for example. We help
traveling Military dignitaries organize their work and drive them around
and make appointments for them. But their work is sometimes secret so we
can't talk about it with anyone." Anton explains to the boys. "We are one
of the Army Intelligence Services."

"Okay, Gentlemen. See you all in a bit, I have to get back to the office."
Sergeant Brown says as he heads for the door.

Deke asks Anton, "why are you naked here if you're at work?"

"Because all of the guys here are gay and we can be naked here. But we
don't talk to anyone else around here, including anybody on the base about
that. We're very private when it comes to anyone outside of this house. Do
you understand that? It would be a bad thing. It would be like telling your
family where you live if you don't want them to know..." Anton continues to
explain.

"But you're letting us be in here. You're telling us what you do," David
asks

"Yes, but you're our friends and you were invited to come in by our
Sergeant," Anton continues. "He's our boss and he gets to make the
rules. We know you differently than we know anybody else here on the base,
or outside of this house. What we do is none of their business. They don't
get to know what we do, in any way. You are very different because we've
decided that we're going help to influence your lives and teach you about
stuff. So, you get to be invited in to our house.

"Can we come here to have sex with you guys?" Dekes asks his hosts

Anton is stumped. "I don't know the answer yet. I'll have to ask the
Sergeant what the rules are for that. But right now, I'm going to get
dressed so we can go walk around outside. I'll be right back. Wait for me
on the couch over by the front door, okay?

"Okay, what the fuck just happened?" Greg asks Kevin in total bewilderment.

"We met these guys in San Francisco." Kevin fills Greg in... "Don't worry,
they're 18. Their dad kicked them out because they're gay. Been staying
with their Grandma and don't really have any options or money or jobs, but
they're actually quite smart and they're really good kids. They were
begging me to show them about sex. The only sex education they have had is
porn on their shared phone."

"Funny that I never pictured you as a sex education teacher," Greg
sniggered.

"I guess I'm gonna kind of be on my own with the grooming thing. Or can you
stick around for the first couple? I'm expecting 2 or 3 more this
afternoon." Kevin asks

"Sure I can do that for you. But you're gonna owe me a blowjob." Greg tells
him with a big grin on his face.

"I agree, but you can have a blowjob any time. We don't have to keep track.
I love sucking your dick."

Private Joey Reynolds shows up for a grooming. "You guys free to do this?

"We are. We've just been practicing on each other." Kevin asks, "Three
questions: do you want to be totally shaved or do you want a shaping of
your pubes? Second question is do you want your balls fully shaved? And
third question is "do you want us to shave your ass crack?"

"Yes, full shave, but leave just a little bit of my pubes to shape up, like
a fuckin porn stache, you know?" Joey instructs him. "It's a fuckin forest,
ya know?

"I've got some packing to do to get ready to leave tomorrow." Greg reminds
Kevin, "...so you're on your own, I gotta go. But call me if you need me."

"So, Joey, sit on the table please." Kevin pulls up a stool and sits in
front of Joey's gigantic junk. "I gotta get you a little hard to do this,
okay?"

"Of course, it's okay. Let's do this." Joey says enthusiastically. "Make my
hole all pretty."

Kevin puts his right hand around Joey's dry appendage and gently shakes is
just for a couple of seconds, then stroked it. Pinching his ball sack and
pulling in toward himself, Joey's dick jumps up a bit as though a balloon
was inflating. And it keeps growing even though Kevin let it go. He grabs
the clippers and starts to shave around the sides of Joey's cock and
balls. Kevin pretends to ignore how big it's getting, treating this as just
another cock that he's shaving. Joey has a different thought, however.

"Remember when this was up in your ass? You remember how I helped stretch
your hole by fucking you with this big ol' piece of meat?" Joey taunts
Kevin as he continues to shave all around Joey's junk.

"Sit really still now `cause I'm going to shave your balls. I wouldn't want
to make a mistake, ya know?" Kevin continues to clear the forest between
Joey's legs.

"You just gonna ignore my big hard cock in front of your face? You're
really not even gonna taste it?" Joey isn't used to having his big cock
ignored.

Kevin stands up facing Joey. Puts his hand around Joeys dick with his right
hand and pulls the back of Joey's head up to his face with his left hand
and plants a very sensuous kiss on Joey's thick Italian lips. He speaks
quietly to Joey from maybe 3 inches away, looking directly into his
eyes. "I just want to do a really good job shaving you down to look like
the porn star you really are and then suck your cock like you deserve. You
are a porn star my friend. I want to do my part to make your junk look the
best that it ever has... and the biggest it's ever looked `cause this bush
tends to hide the size of your package. So, let me do my job and I'll get
you all groomed up and then I'll be your fluffer, okay?"  Joey, now
completely stunned by Kevin's speech, is putty in his hands. "Joey, lie on
your back and I'll do your taint." Joey lies back holding his legs open for
Kevin, exposing his trench. "You have such a beautiful twat, Joey. Let me
tune it up for you." Joey is pretty pumped up at this point.

As Kevin shaves off all those pesky hairs around Joey's hole, Kevin
stretches the skin on either side of the hole and now, close to complete,
Kevin spits on Joey's hole and rubs the gob up and down the trench,
slipping his thumb into Joey's target spot. "You've got such a magnificent
cunt Joey." Kevin, digging his thumb in just a little bit, pulls down on
the hole and Kevin takes Joey's balls into his mouth and makes his way up
to Joey's hard-as-fuck cock. Kevin sensuously licks all the way up to the
head of Joey's big cock.

"Hi guys. I'm here to get groomed," Private Owen West announces as he
enters the gym area, "Am I interrupting something? Should I come back
later?"

Kevin doesn't stop but only for a second to say, "You're fine. I'm just
doing a check to see that I got all the random little hairs. You can join
us if you like." Kevin continues to get as much of Joey's cock in his
mouth, and then pulls his mouth off and tells Joey, "You're all ready for
your scene Private Reynolds."

Owen now has Joey's butthole in his sights, Kevin pulls his thumb out and
Owen replaces it with his tongue.

"I'll be right back," Says Kevin as he walks 6 feet away to the sink and
washes his hands.

"Don't stop, Owen. But I'm going to shave your butthole down like
Joey's. You good with that??

Owen doesn't flinch. He simply grunts out an "Uh-huh" to Kevin as he
continues to lick Joey's butthole and trench. Kevin cleans his hole with
the clippers and asks his clients if they want to continue. Both are very
into it and want to continue.

"Okay boys. Owen, I need for you to get on your back on the table. Joey, I
want you to sit on his face!" Kevin begins to shave down Private Owen's
balls and pubes leaving him fully smooth and his dick hard. Kevin jacks
Owen's sexy cock to full size and licks his balls, finding only a couple of
more hairs that need attention. "Okay, Owen, don't move until I tell you
it's okay." Kevin stretches out Owen's balls to be able to shave as close
as possible and then he licks the balls once more. "Okay Owen, I got
it. You can move now, but Owen doesn't move. He's happy with his tongue
planted up Joey's ass.

"I need to cum." Joey announces.

Kevin grabs Joey's dick again and jacks it for a few strokes, and then
takes it into his mouth. Having had Owen's tongue in his ass for several
minutes, Joey is primed a ready to shoot a big load into Kevin's waiting
mouth. "OH FUCK, Fuck, Suck it," Joey yells. "That's so fucking good."
Kevin swallows but continues to jack Joey's cock while leaning over and
taking Joey's balls into his mouth. "Oh god, Oh god. Oh" Big panting
breaths. Joey is finally devoid of cum. "Owen, I Gotta get up. Pull your
tongue out of my ass."

"That's very tasty, Joey," Owen tells him. "You can sit on my face
anytime."

"I can still clean up those little rogue hairs on the back of your neck if
you like," Kevin tells both men

"Yes," Owen says. Joey agrees. All three naked, Kevin uses the clippers
again, shaving a few stray hairs off of Owen's back. Owen gets goosebumps
from it. Kevin reaches around and pinches his left nipple gently, just for
the sake of the momentary connection. Owen stands up and kisses
Kevin. "Thanks buddy. That was nice. I gotta go get ready to head out.:

Once again, it was just Joey and Kevin. Joey sits on the stool and Kevin
snaps the clippers on again to shave the wild hairs off of Joey's neck and
upper back... when Kevin stops, Joey spins around and grabs Kevin by the
shoulders and pulls him in. "Thanks so much for that. I appreciate the
Blowjob. I thought I was just gonna have to jack off again by myself. So
that was a nice surprise."

"You know, my friend... nobody here should have to jack off alone. Every
one of us should be ready to service any of us that need it. Isn't that
what we do?" Kevin tells him. "Hey, you want me to shave those hairs around
your nipples?"

"Good idea," Joey agrees.


___________________________________


When there's nobody waiting for a trim, Kevin calls Corporal Tom. "How's it
going?

"Lots of scheduling. Busy couple of weeks coming up. Can you let Anton know
that I have details on Hank's arrival on Thursday? The First Sergeant wants
Anton to pick him up at the airport. Oh, and you're being assigned to
Sergeant Zelsky next week. Let me know if you need any help getting
organized and prepared for that." Tom Tells him.

Kevin: "Will I see you tonight?

Tom: "You will. I'm probably going to get off at 1645 if I'm lucky. Can I
meet you at the house?

Kevin: "Always.


More story coming soon....

I love to hear what you think about the story. SgtEvans44@gmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 26)

Date: Wed, 4 Jun 2025 16:07:05 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 34

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at

SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you think of the story.


Kevin Jones - New Orders 34 (10/16)


DAY 18		1750

After dropping off the First Sergeant and the twins at his house, Anton and
Kevin drive back to the base.

"I wonder what kind of shit storm we might be walking into?" Kevin poses

"I don't know for sure, but I do know that everybody's schedule gets a
little busy at the house after Wednesday," Anton says. " in fact, the house
may be kind of quiet through Sunday or Monday. So you're going to have your
first assignment coming up in a few days. You're going to need to be able
to drive so we should work on getting you an appointment at the Driver's
License Bureau of DPS. Hey, can you even drive? Have you ever had a car?"

"Yes, I can drive. I had a license before I went into the Army." Kevin
tells Anton.

"Can you find it? You should probably have it with you when you apply for a
UT license. In fact, maybe first think in the morning we should grab a
sedan and go for a test spin. We have to return this van in the morning
anyway. You may have to take a behind-the-wheel drivers test in addition to
the written test." Anton explains.

"So, Anton, I was noticing that my crotch is getting a little bushy. Tyrone
looked pretty well groomed. I'm wondering if you'd be willing to trim me
up. I can do anybody else, but I'm not great at doing my own. Do you want
to swap services?" Kevin suggests

"Are you saying that you think I'm in need of a trim? Anton asks.

"Yes, I'm afraid so." Kevin grins. "In fact, if there are a bunch of
ambassadors headed out, maybe we should do a clinic on Tuesday, like a
group haircut. There's probably be a couple of guys who would lend a hand
if we asked around. Could probably get it all done in 2 or 3 hours."

"I think it's a good idea. It's a pretty horny idea too." Anton quips.

"Yeah, and maybe we should get everyone to turn their head to the left and
cough while we're checking their balls at the same time. I've always wanted
to do that... but without the glove." Kevin jokes. "So let's ask around
casually and see if anyone's interested. Do we have clippers? Or would we
shave them? It's way easier to shave someone else. And what about their
butts? Are we gonna shave their holes?"

Anton looks over at Kevin with a big smile. "Sounds like fun to me."

The men stop at the Base checkpoint entrance and the gates quickly
open. Anton drives over to the group house and grab their bags. Both men
weary from the long drive, but not ready for bed.

"I want to find Tom. I can't wait to see him..." Kevin says to Anton as
they climb to the second floor. Corporal Tom Lansford is foraging in the
kitchen for a snack when he hears Kevin's voice and grabs a couple of beers
to take up to Apartment 14. "Hey boss man," Kevin puts his arms around Tom
and kisses him deeply. "I've missed you."

Tom hands a beer to Kevin saying, "You're a big fat liar." Kevin's facial
expression drops from smiling to stunned in one second. "You've had more
dick this past 3 days than anyone on this base."

"I don't miss you just for your cock. I miss you because I love to hang out
with you, though you do have a pretty great cock, I realize." Kevin says
with a sheepish grin, hoping to win over Tom fairly quickly.

"Oh, I know. I was just yanking your chain. I've been really eager to see
you too. I heard you tell Anton that you can't wait to see me, so I thought
I'd be funny. But now that I've said it, it didn't come out as funny." Tom
tells Kevin.

"Okay. We're past that now. What do you want to do?" Kevin asks.

"Depends on how hungry you are. Did you have dinner? Do you want to go out?
Or would you rather stay home and fuck me? Tom offers.

"Really... do I have to choose? Okay. How about we go out for a quick
burger, maybe invite Anton, and then we come back and I eat your ass for
desert?" Kevin suggests.

"I love that. You unpack and I'll go see if Anton can join us." Tom turns
and walks upstairs to Anton's tiny apartment to share their plans.

"Alright. Good plan. I was about to go shower." Anton tells Tom.

"Yes, well I think you should put some clothes on. That might be okay in
San Francisco, but Utah might not dig it." Tom reminds him.

Anton picks up his keys and jiggles them in front of Tom, suggesting that
they can take the van to dinner.. "see you downstairs," Tom tells Anton.

As the three men climb into the van, Tom asks about the Sergeants
guests. Kevin and Anton quickly look at each other. Anton says, "you go
first."

"Well, on the first morning a couple of boys were intrigued by what Anton
and I were doing in public. And they followed Anton as he was walking away
and they were asking Anton all about it and they talked for awhile. They
are 18 year old twins who want to know everything about gay sex and so they
drove to the Dore Alley Street Fair to find out more about kinky sex."

Tom, having difficulty following along, asks Kevin. "What were you guys
going in public that got their attention?"

"Oh, you know, Anton needed to pee and I told him that I'd take it so I got
down on my knees and when he finished I sucked his cock."

`Wow. Why would you do that? Tom asks.

"Ummm.... I kind of knew that guys could do that at this street fair
because the event celebrates kinky sex and I've seen videos and I've always
wanted to experience public sex," Kevin explains.

"Is that the only public sex you guys experienced?" Tom asked.

"Well no... we did some other stuff too. We went to a piss bar. Met a
couple guys there.... I wound up sucking a couple of cocks on the outdoor
patio of a leather bar. I think you would have enjoyed being with us. Would
you ever want to come with us? There's another Street fair at the end of
September called Folsom Fair. You want to go with us."

"You know, at this moment I only want to be your favorite slut, not
everyone else's." Tom tells Kevin.

Kevin strokes Toms cheek, "you say the sweetest things."

"You know, it's way more fun when you're all traveling together as a
pack. You'd actually have fun, I'm sure of it.

"Tell me about Tyrone's boys." Tom says.

"Well, they're young Mormon boys who got kicked out of their house by their
father because they were gay. So they went to live with their Grandmother
who lives just South of the lake. We met her, Kevin explains. "We decided
that we should offer some training and male leadership. And, to be honest,
they're kind of small but they're 18 years old."

"Really? This has nothing to do with them being cute little gay boys?, Tom
asks suspiciously.

"They certainly are horny little guys. They are pretty sweet and they want
us to show them everything." Anton offers.

"Does the Sergeant have designs on these boys? Tom queries.

"We don't think so." Kevin tells him.

"But, listen... these guys, being so protected by their Mormon upbringing,
and both of them being subs, they really need some training just to learn
how to get off. So we were teaching them," Anton blurts.

"You mean you were fucking them?" Tom asked

"More like we were teaching them to fuck each other. Though, yes, they want
to play with all of us. They are the horniest guys ever. They LOVE sex. And
now they're going to do some repair stuff around Sergeant Brown's house,
maybe some painting. They tell us that their father had taught them some
practical skills that they really love doing," Kevin explains.

"And so, now, you're just showing them some more practical skills, right?"
Tom smirks.

"Something like that. They're actually very sweet. You'll probably meet
them in the next couple of days. Plus, their Grandmother may come up and
look around just to get comfortable with where they'll be living, etc., you
know. She's pretty protective." Anton tries to set the scene for Tom.

"So... you're saying that these twin kids want to come live at an Army
base?" Tom asks.

"Look, it was more like, if we don't step in and do the right thing for
these guys, they could really get off on the wrong track. These two horny
boys were BEGGING to get used. They were getting their education by
watching porn on their phone. They were desperate to be touched. Sergeant
Brown made the decision to help these guys by giving them some guidance
from some strong adult men who understand that they need a goal to move
forward. It's gonna take a few days of working with them to see what
they're good at. Is it possible that they might want to join the Army? Yes,
possible, but I'm not sure how since they can't leave each other's side. So
they definitely need some adult direction," Kevin answers.

"Just not what I expected, I guess. I'll have to meet them." Tom states.

 "You will. Maybe even tomorrow." Anton tells him as they drive up to the
front of the stand-alone burger shop.

They all order burgers and a drink. The men decide to splurge and go for
the cheese. "I feel like celebrating that we're home again." Kevin
shares. "It was a big adventure for me. And I'm sure it was way better
going there with friends. I loved the Posse aspect.

"What the fuck does that mean?" Tom asks.

"Oh, well, there was a point when I might have gotten into trouble but
Anton texted me and warned me, but I got out of the bar. These guys might
have been planning to dose me and I ran out and they chased me but Anton
and Tyrone and some other guys came down to the street and stood up to the
two thugs." Kevin continues to explain.

"Ummmm... `Tyrone?' You call him 'Tyrone." Tom asks

"Oh god. No. But He met somebody and he introduce himself as Tyrone, so it
would have been uncomfortable to refer to him by his rank when the guy only
just met him." Kevin says. "And you'll probably meet him in the next few
days. But, Tom... these are all things we shouldn't be talking about. The
Sergeant should tell you about this stuff, not me."

"You're certainly right. I'm sorry for being so curious." Tom tells both
men. "Not fair for me to do that."

"You know, Tom, you would have had to be superhuman to not be curious about
what all was going on at the Kink Fair that your co-workers were all
attending, including your boyfriend." Anton articulated. "How could you not
have been concerned?"

Tom retorted, "You could have called me and updated what was going on. I
probably wouldn't have made stuff up in my head."

"And how could I do that when the guys were almost always with me...? and,
to be honest, I forgot my phone charger so I had to borrow a charger when I
could. I'm going to have to learn how to live in a tech world. It's not a
habit yet." Kevin tells his buddy.

"I understand that. I think we're all kind of in that boat. My solution is
that I can plug my phone in at my desk all day." Tom tells Kevin.

After they devour their Cheeseburgers (no fries) they drive back to the
base. "You going to be able to spend the night?" Kevin asks Tom.

"You already told me that you're going to snack on my ass for desert. It
would be rude for me to just leave, don't you think? Tom jokes

"Can I watch?" Anton asks. "I need something to jack off to."

Tom surprised Kevin with his answer. "Yeah sure. It's okay with me. Seems
to be the norm around here anyway. Maybe we should go down to the
King-sized bed by the showers. We can sell popcorn."

"I'm fine with that if you're feeling a little like doing something in
public," Kevin smirked, upping Tom's suggestion.

"Yeah, maybe I do. I'll be able to catch up with all of your antics at the
Street Fair." Tom fires back..

Anton adds, "I'll make the popcorn."

When they get to the house, they run upstairs to get undressed. When Tom is
taking off the last of his clothing, Kevin grabs him by the back of his
head and wraps his left arm around his upper body, pulling Tom into him for
a big dominant kiss. "I really dig this side of you. I'm glad you suggested
doing the King sized bed. You are so fucking hot." Tom just grins at Kevin
and they kiss for another couple of minutes, which they've both been dying
to do. "I can't wait to get my tongue in your ass, baby" Kevin tells him.

"Me too. I want to feel that tongue go deep, buddy. Work it in there for
me." Tom grabs Kevin's hand and pulls the naked man down the stairs and
into the shower.

"Better get that butt cleaned out." Kevin tells him excitedly.

"Yup. thats why we're here. You should probably do the same, just because,
well, you never know. Somebody might want to eat your ass too." The two men
help each other to clean out. "Besides, you've been on the road so who
knows where that ass might have been." Tom prods his boyfriend. Anton
enters the showers after putting the popcorn in the microwave.

Kevin grabs a couple of clean white towels and the men dry off while
walking toward the adjoining King bed. Kevin turns back to the showers and
says, "Anton, come on... show's starting."

As Kevin crawls on top of Tom, putting his own left leg over Tom's legs as
he lays back. "There are a bunch of the guys at the house going out over
the next few days so we thought that we might do a `grooming clinic' to get
everyone's units shaved down and ready for combat. Would you like to join
us?

Tom thinks, "Are you asking me to shave up some of the boys or are you
suggesting that I might need a trim?

Kevin grins at the suggestion. "I think we probably could all benefit from
a nice shaping, you know. I know I need it.

"Front or back?" Tom asks.

"For me, both. I'm a hairy guy. I should probably get trimmed up like once
a week, probably a haircut too. For you, you could use a little thinning
out around your cock. For the back, I'll tell you in an hour or so... " and
runs his left hand down Tom's naked body, over his dick and balls and down
his thighs, as he leans over his face to gently kiss Tom's lips. As Kevin
completes the kiss he reached down with both arms to pull Tom's legs back
up so that he can get maximum grazing access. Kevin pushes Tom's knees up
toward his shoulders, and takes Tom's and wraps his man hands on the inside
of his legs. Kevin crawls down toward the foot of the King bed and gruffly
parts his glutes to expose a beautiful, hair covered hole. It does need to
be trimmed, but Kevin knows better than to spoil the moment with a
criticism. He happily toys with the pink pucker for a while, swiping it
with his tongue to make it feel attended to and to get it sloppy
wet. Kevin's thumbs, massaging the outer hole, is getting it ready for
penetration. Manipulating the starfish with his thumbs to eventually
separate the skin so as to prepare for entry. And when they finally work
themselves inside the Tongue God follows in, making its presence known to
the owner of this hole.

"That feels so great Kevin. Keep going. I want you up there. Make my hole
fall in love with that tongue." Tom instructs him

"I think you're already in love with my thumbs, aren't cha?" Kevin snorts.

Anton tells Kevin, "yeah, keep going Kevin. You're making my dick hard
too. It's awesome watching you eat his hole out." Kevin looks back over his
shoulder and grins.

Tongue goes back in, a little deeper. Fingers go a little wider. Kevin
opens the hole wide enough to spit into it. And slips a couple of
forefingers in, pulling the hole open to make more room for Kevin's
tongue. "Eat it out buddy. It's cleaned out for you." Tom reminds him.

"Hey Anton, can you find me some lube? I need to go deeper." Anton jumps up
an finds a lube bottle in the drawer of the night stand next to the
bed. "Pour some on my fingers please." Kevin asks

Kevin gets his right hand completely soaked with lube and continues to
probe Tom's ass. Three fingers and then four. Tom's hole is relaxed but Tom
is breathing a little bit harder. Groaning and telling Kevin not to
stop. "Please. I love this. You wanna fuck me?" Tom suggests.

"Maybe, but I want to get you opened up a bit and then get my tongue
further up. I've been dreaming about this." Kevin has been fingering and
stretching Tom's ass for like 20 minutes and his hole keeps
stretching. "Push out a little, Tom, like you want my dick. Just a little
bit more... I'm gonna get my hand in there. Okay? Want that? Tom pushes his
ass out just enough to swallow Kevin's hand. Kevin continues to gently work
it and begins to tease Tom's prostate up inside. Tom and Kevin both know
what it is but they haven't made that connection before, except for when
Tom fucked Kevin's ass for the first time.

Anton, watching the entire time, is engrossed by the whole episode. A
couple of guys wander in and watch. Anton texts Sebastian and Arlo who are
the fisters in the house. "You should see this. Come to the showers."  `Be
rt dwn" Sebastian messages back. He comes bounding down the stairs right to
the showers and quickly notices what is going in the immediate next room.

"Oh fuck, that is so hot, Kevin..." Sebastian winks at Anton. "You know
what is really fun? Keep your hand in there, Kevin, but stick your dick
into his ass and jack your dick in there."

"You want that, Tom? I should jack off inside your hole?" Kevin asks.

"Ohhhhh ahhhhh. Yeah. I love the idea of that." Tom tells his
Dominant-Fister.

Arlo enters the room, having seen Anton's text message and says to his
friend, Sebastian, "Fuck that is so hot. Inspires me to clean out for you."

Kevin moves around a bit to relax his legs that he's been sitting on.
"Tom. I love this, but I really, really want to fuck you. I want to see how
your ass feels... I mean, with my cock. So, I'm gonna slowly pull my hand
out and then continue... Yeah?"

"You're the driver, Kevin. I'd love for you to fuck me, but could you give
me a short rest to prepare? I need to calm down." Tom asks.

"Yeah, of course. But, of Course, I still have some snacking to do. I'm not
done." As Kevin withdraws most of the thickest part of his hand out from
Tom's butt hole, he continues to slowly piston in and out of the stretched
out ass with 3 fingers, still bumping into Tom's prostate, mostly on
purpose, just to keep up Tom's complete attention. Kevin is a tiny bit
concerned that Sebastian or Arlo might try to replace his hand with one of
theirs since they might think this is a group play thing. And sure enough,
Sebastian steps over to Tom and starts to rub his chest. And then grope his
nips a little. Tom groans as Sebastian pinches his right nipple.

Anton continues to sit in a chair watching, edging his big meat. Excited by
the groans as much as the sex he's witnessing.

Kevins middle finger is the only one left in Tom's hole, letting it reform
a bit tighter around his single middle finger, twisting, wiggling and
exploring the now sloppy walls. As Kevin pulls the hole open just a bit to
allow his tongue back in to taste the expanded rim, he inserts his tongue
further than ever before, working to taste and feel around the insides of
the anal cavity. As Kevin explores, his dick grows a bit and grows
thicker. Sebastian, leans over and strokes Kevin's cock a few times while
everyone focuses on Tom's hole.

"Look how big this dick is getting. I think you need to use it, buddy. You
both need this dick. Time to fuck your friend." Sebastian tells the men in
the room.

Kevin hears Sebastian's advice through his trance. "Use your cock. He needs
your cock."

Anton: "Hey Seb... I need your mouth. This is the greatest porn. I'm
getting really close."

"Of course." Sebastian, rests his naked body down on his knees in front of
Anton and seizes Anton's big cock with his mouth. Grabbing it out of
Anton's right hand, Sebastian tells him, "I've wanted this in my mouth for
a long while now, Anton. I want your cum."

"Good to know," Antron responds. Anton takes Sebastian's whole head and
presses it down on his cock and fucks his mouth with long and steady
strokes.. Anton thinks to himself, `I wonder why I've never used Seb's
mouth like this. He's so awesome.'

Sebastian thinks `OMG... what a magnificent cock' He is spellbound as he
takes Anton's big dick slowly down his throat. "Ummfwucking awfwum"
Sebastian attempts to say. But he's not about to give up the dick in his
mouth to articulate his point. He'll tell Anton what a great cock later in
the evening, after he's swallowed all of Anton's delicious cum.

Arlo, Sebastian's FF partner walks back into the room having cleaned out
his ass. He leans up against the wall next to Anton's chair, watching as
Sebastian is cleaning Anton's pole after servicing him. Arlo lets Sebastian
know that he's patiently waiting for him. Sebastian sees him and grabs him
by the back of the neck and pulls him down to Anton's still hard cock. He
speaks softly into Arlo's ear, "Look at this magnificent cock, Arlo. Let's
service this together," the two get down on Anton's long, thick cock again
to Anton's surprise. Sebastian gets Arlo into a rhythm of licking up and
down on the large cock, Sebastian drops down and starts to service Anton's
balls, knowing that if there's any chance of persuading more cum out, hes
gonna have to coax it out of his large balls. Anton scoots down in the
chair, leaning back on the chair, rubbing his own nipples and giving
Sebastian more access. Sebastian, pleased at seeing this added access,
grips Anton's balls with his right thumb and forefinger and tugs down to
get his junk in gear for this next round. He lifts Anton's balls to give
him better access to his taint and butt hole, licking back and forth like
the empty dish of a just eaten banana split. He finds Anton's hole with his
tongue and fills it while Arlo graduates lovingly to the thick spongy glans
on the head of Anton's aching dick. It's been hard now for most of an hour
and is getting to the point of throbbing... but he's loving the service so
much that he' can't force himself to stop it. Anton has never received this
kind of attention from Sebastian and Arlo. The last time he did anything
with Sebastian was when he first arrived at the house and all the men
introduced themselves to him while pissing down his throat.

It becomes somewhat difficult for Anton to pay attention to Kevin, on the
bed before him. Kevin did stroke his own cock inside of Tom's hole for a
short bit, but now his brain is directing it to simply fuck the hole. As
Kevin pushes his dick in to Tom's sloppy hole he strokes it takes four
quick strokes on his pole to get it back up to a rigid status, easier to
drive it in. Kevin leans over as the hard cock goes quickly in to Tom's
chute, and kisses his sultry lips with complete gentleness. "I love your
hole Tom. I love fucking you." Kevin tells him.

There are now 3 more guys crowed around the King bed watching the two fuck,
and two more watching Seb and Arlo service Anton. The onlookers are now
getting harder and have started to rub one another or pinch a nipple or
kiss and the entire room becomes electric with sexy men. Owen West came
downstairs to find a cold beer and wound up licking Tom's pits while
getting fucked. Owen just came in and took one of Tom's arms from behind
his head and stretched it up against the headboard and licked out a tiny
bit of stink from Tom's armpit. Tom looked over at Owen and just
smiled. When he was done, he simply stood up and jacked a nice load,
shooting across Tom's face and chin. Some of the load when in Tom's mouth
and he eagerly licked it from his lips and fingers. But it also inspired
Tom's dick to get rock hard again and that didn't escape Kevin's
view. Kevin sped up the pace of thrusting into Tom's ass, Kevin tells Tom
that he's gonna shoot cum into his ass in a few seconds and that he'd
better cum at the same time or before or there would be some discipline
coming his way. While Tom was well on his way to cumming hands free, he
failed to shoot at the same time as Kevin. Kevin went from top to 90% Dom
in a very few seconds. "I told you to shoot. I meant it."

Kevin jumps up and orders Tom across his lap. Kevin spanks Tom's ass 10
times with some ferocity. Tom flinching with every smack. Kevin stands up
Tom and grabs his hand and drags him up the stairs to privacy. Once in
Apartment 14, Kevin puts his arms round Tom's naked body and says, "I
shouldn't have done that."

Tom, kisses Kevin pretty firmly and says, "what? Are you kidding? I loved
that. Especially that we had an audience to see it. I guess that your plan
to have us be watched really worked. It proved that I really do love that
`public' aspect. And, while I love you fucking me, I think I'm very much up
for group."

As Sebastian feels Anton's balls suck up into his body, he begins to suck
on the head of Anton's dick and jacks his dick simultaneously. Arlo is
stroking Anton's scrotum. His cock spasms and shoots some jizz, but not
nearly as much as the first iteration. Anton breaks away from the guys
servicing him, , and quickly makes it up to Apartment 14 and opens the door
without knocking. "What the fuck happened down there?"

Kevin starts to speak and Tom put's his hand over Kevin's mouth. Tom says,
"Whatever you think happened down there, just know that I loved it. I've
been hoping Kevin would step up like that and, I can't believe I'm telling
you this, I loved being disciplined. That is like a fucking dream for
me. Doesn't mean that I always want that, but it was perfect tonight. And,
by the way, I loved the public aspect of it too. And, Anton, I got to watch
a bit of what was going on with you and Sebastian. Wow. That was so
sexy. It all made me so hard."

Anton looks at Kevin and Tom, back and forth, a little with his jaw
dropped. "I like a bit rough sometimes. And just so you know, Next time you
leave for a weekend of Kink...I'm going with you."

It's been a long day. Everyone is ready to hit the sack. As Kevin crawls
into bed with Tom, he says, "You know, I may have left some jizz in your
ass. Shall I help find it?

"Don't your dare," Tom tells Kevin. "It's right where I want it."

More of the story coming soon...

---

Untitled (Chapter 27)

Date: Mon, 26 May 2025 12:00:22 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 33

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at

SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you think of the story.

Kevin Jones - New Orders 33


Day 18               0500


Three men in each bed made for a bit of a restless night. Anton, Kevin and
Deke slept in one of the sized beds and David slept with Tyrone and
Hank. Both of the twins were eager to continue to prove their sexual sub
boy services because they need to make up for so much lost time. Both of
the boys really loved living below the blankets where they could easily
find a cock to suck. Nobody was complaining. It turns out that a boy can
fall asleep with a nice big pacifier in his mouth.

Kevin hit the shower first. Anton brought Deke in to join them. Deke was
very excited that the adult men were washing all of him for the strip back
to Utah. They washed their own hair and privates before they took over
washing Deke. He especially like it when they fingered his hole with
soap. And was very pleased to learn that adult men kiss in the shower. They
got through the morning bathroom stuff, backing their toothbrushes and such
as they readied themselves to leave.

"I'll run down and see if I can find some coffee, It's a little early
yet. Might not be ready. Be back a.s.a.p., he said as he finished tying his
shoes. You might want to wake these guys up in 15 minutes if they don't
wake up on their own. We need to head out early.

Kevin first goes down to check the big coffee urn in the bar to see when
the coffee will be ready. It's not 0520 and was surprised to find that the
large coffee maker gets set up the evening before and starts on a time at
0430. Hurray, Fresh Coffee!! He excitedly pours 6 cups, 3 with milk and
grabs a few packets of sugar and Splenda, and a few napkins and 3 stir
sticks. Now, he has to go up those two flights of stairs very
carefully. Opening the hotel room door while carrying 6 coffees is an
effort and he uses his boots to knock gently.

Almost suffered a mid-room collision when Hank is found heading out of bed
to get to the bathroom having to pee in a hurry. Thank goodness that they
didn't collide. Thank goodness he didn't close the bathroom door. 5 men
want to hear his piss hit the water as he dumps his morning load of yellow
goodness. Keven, Anton and the boys wanted to watch the ritual as well as
Hank was pissing through his morning wood. Very hot. Now, there is a
quickly forming line to hit the head right behind him. The Sound of Urine
and water is so suggestive to these men. It's contagious, like
yawning. This morning it won't be a participation sport; they have to get
packed up to hit the road before they hit traffic. Good thing that the
major bit of traffic is headed into town and they will be headed
OUT. They'll be taking Highway 80 all the way to Salt Lake City. "Guys,
let's get packed up and head out." Anton starts. "We can sit down at
breakfast and make a driving plan. Let's get across the Bay Bridge to find
a restaurant and gas up. Deke, you got gas in your car?" And where's it
parked?

Tyrone and Anton are most especially thankful for the coffee and say
so. "Hank, are you driving out from here? Are you driving with Alex and
Ollie or what?" Tyrone wants to know.

Hank is driving with the Boys who stayed downstairs. Deke is parked like 3
blocks away. "Okay, we'll pack up your stuff in our van and we'll drive you
over to your car. If there's stuff you need for the drive make it easy to
grab. Everybody's phone charged up?" Anton queries.

Deke says, "yup. David always keeps our phone charged."

Kevin says, "Can I charge my phone in the car? I need to call Tom when we
get underway."

Anton and Tyrone hit the front desk to settle. Anton asks how to get the
car since it's locked up behind gates. "The parking area doesn't open until
8 but if one of you will stay here at the desk, I'll run down and open the
gate for you, says the Front Desk Clerk, Billy. I can only be gone for a
few minutes." Tyrone agrees to stay. Anton and Billy take off on
foot. Thankfully there are not cars blocking the Army Van. Anton pulls out
and drives Billy back to the Front door of the hotel in about 8
minutes. The 3 men offer their thanks, Anton gives Billy a $10 bill and
heads upstairs to get Kevin and the Twins.

Hank comes back down stairs, though he'll be going back upstairs to a
lonely room after their departure, "I'm so happy to get to know you
Tyrone. I'll send you my flight information later today when I get the info
together. The men kiss, inside the small Hotel Lobby.

"Guys," Anton says to David and Deke, "Can one of your go get your car and
drive it over here so we can get into formation and then caravan to Utah?

Deke has the keys in his hand, "I'll be back in a few minutes."

Anton tells David to get whatever you might need for the drive "... and
then we'll load your bags into the van so we don't have to do it twice. We
can just stop and visit your Grandmother for a few minutes and then get
going, Okay"

David freezes for a moment, realizing that the brothers aren't going to be
able to sit down with their Gran and explain things to her. He figures he's
going to have to discuss this with Deke on the drive. But, OMG. It knocks
David for a loop, bordering on tears.

Tyrone, Anton and Kevin have their bags tucked away in the van, but can
still get to the contents if necessary. There's a good deal of angst in the
air. One cup of coffee just isn't enough. It's early and they've all
enjoyed the party. Time to get back to reality. And they're all eager to
eat some breakfast.

Deke, pulls up to the front of the hotel and parks in front of the van that
The Army guys are traveling in. Anton takes Deke's phone and enters his
phone number and Tyrone's phone number. "You guys can call if you need
something. Our first stop will be for Breakfast after we cross the bridge,
so why don't you follow us for this first part. Are you good at following?
Deke nods. "If you get lost, just call us."

The trip into Oakland is pretty easy. Anton doesn't drive faster than he
thinks Deke can follow. They find a little Family Restaurant, a little
smaller than a typical Denny's, and they pull in. "How many," the hostess
asks. Tyrone holds up his hand with 5 extended fingers. "Right this way."
The 5 men slide in around the half circle table and everyone grabs a
menu. "Anyone want coffee?"

Kevin, the coffee monitor for the group say, "5, and we're gonna need
milk," "Very Good."

Anton pulls out a pen and writes on the back of his paper place mat. "Are
you good with maps, Deke?"

"Sure, but David is the navigator."

Well, then, you should both look at this... we're here and we're going to
drive up to Highway 80 and then across to Provo. It's pretty simple. But
when we get to Provo, where is your Grandmother's place from there? We'll
be following you but I want to get an idea of where we're going."

"It's actually about 5 miles South of Provo. Are you going to be following
me all the way there?" Deke asks.

"Indeed. I don't have a choice." Anton points out.  "Do you remember the
address?" "I don't." Deke says, worried that he's appearing to be dense.

"Does your grandmother's car have a registration in it? Maybe that will
have an address," Anton asks, Deke get up and goes out to the car and
brings the registration with him.

"Eureka!" Anton exclaims. And Copies down Gran's name and address.

"I feel pretty stupid to get to her place an run in and drop the keys and
then leave. I'm gonna need to hug her." David says sulking.

Kevin says "have you thought about calling her on the way and telling her
your news? She's likely to be excited for you, And it's not so far away
that you can't go visit her, is it?

"Yeah, I guess. I am excited," David says. "Me too," Deke says. "But we are
going to have to grab some of our clothes," David says, "We don't have too
many." Deke says "me too."

Every one orders scrambled eggs and bacon with What Toast, except for
Tyrone who orders a Jack Cheese Omelette with sausage.... And everyone gets
a fill up on the coffee.

Tyrone plays the bill for everyone. "Guys, we should all hit the gas
station and fill up our tanks before we get underway." They all pull
in. Both cars get full tanks. Tyrone pays for the gas for both cars.

"You guys ready?" Anton asks the twins. They Smile and nod. "Do you have
water in the car?"

"No." Say the twins in unison.

"Let's go buy some." Anton heads into the gas station store and grabs 5
bottles of water, just in case.

"Gentlemen. Start Your Engines," Anton says in a staccato type shout, just
like the Indy 500 guy. And they're off.

Anton is driving the van. Kevin in the shotgun position. Tyrone in the rear
with the rear seats pushed way back.

"I hope You guys understand that as soon as we get back to base I become
your 1st Sergeant again"

Kevin spins around to look at Tyrone with a mischievous smile and says
"Does that mean I have to stop sucking you cock?"

"Certainly not," Tyrone said with a very stern look on his face which
quickly broke into a giant, chucking smile... but it's extremely important
that you address me as Sir, BOTH of you, when we're in the presence of
others. I appreciate that we have become friends, but the Army doesn't. So
we have to return to military decorum when it counts. I know that you
understand that. And for the record, I would have never exposed myself with
you had I not known that about you beforehand. You and I both have Sgt
Zelski to thank for that."

"Yes Sir, agreed. I'm so glad that he introduced us." Kevin confided. "So,
Sir... Tyrone, you have a new relationship with Hank. Would I be out of
line to offer to suck your cock on the way home?

"I'd love that, Private... Kevin, but you of course remember fucking me on
the drive over, yeah?" Tyrone asked. "That was pretty special. Let's do
something like that as well... if you want. I'm up for it."

Kevin beamed. "Yes, Sir. I hope that's an order, Sir. I'd really like
that.... Would you mind if I made a phone call first? My phone went dead
and I'm plugged in now. I'm going to call Tom Lansford. Can I tell him that
you're on your way back to the base?

"I appreciate that you asked. Yes, you can," replied the Sergeant.

"Good morning sleepyhead. Yes, we are on our drive back. I'm fine. Yes, it
was very fun but it was way different than I had imagined. Yeah, we all had
a good time, met some men. Yeah... you're gonna meet 3 of them. No, none of
them are military. You'll see. But I'm really looking forward to seeing
you. Did you sleep in my bed most of the time? That's awesome... Glad you
did. I can't want to sniff those sheets when I get home. Can I see you
tonight? Probly around 1600. We have to make a short stop in Provo..."

Kevin gets interrupted by Tyrone. "Can I speak to him for a second?"

"Hi Tom. Listen, can you go by my house and make sure it's neatened up a
bit before I get home? Tyrone asks. " And if you could pick up some fruit
and some meat to grill, maybe some veggies... yeah, I'd appreciate
that. Yes, I'm going to have some house guests. Yes, something to drink
too, some waters, seltzers, milk, Tequila, yes, some margarita mix too,
that would be great. Maybe some limes. Yes, I will tell you when I see
you. Thanks Tom... here's Kevin," Tyrone says as he hands the phone back to
Kevin, "thanks".

"Hey... yeah, I can't wait to see you too... Revolutionary? No. We just
made some friends with some guys. We'll see you later. Well, so far, Anton
is driving. No, remember I have to get my driver's license. That's
right. Okay... see you soon." Kevin ends the call.

"You good up here? I'm gonna go hang out with the First Sergeant," Kevin
tells Anton.

"I miss wearing my leather shorts. I feel like I'm all dressed up now. But
the good news is that I didn't wear any underwear." Kevin tells
Tyrone. Both men grinning as they slide their pants down. "I'm happy to see
that you're a bit chubbed... me too." They both fluff up their own balls
and shaft... take a few good strokes to get under way. Kevin, on his knees
smiles broadly at his boss, and places his mouth on the large black
testicles in front of him, immediately taking a few swipes to left side of
Tyrone's hanging balls. Even post shower, Tyrone's natural flavors are
relatively pungent. Kevin's tongue travels down to underneath his pendulous
sack as he lifts the large man's sack up for better access. After getting
the entire lower region wet with his saliva, Kevin licks all over his
balls, taking his left testicle entirely into his mouth as if to clean
it. He sat still tonguing it softly in his mouth for a few minutes,
releasing it only to take the other ball into his mouth to be certain he
gave it equal time... and then, after releasing it from his mouth,
continues to Tongue bathe the large orbs for a while longer, ignoring
Tyrone's giant dick, letting it grow with anticipation by totally ignoring
it.

Tyrone asks Kevin why he doesn't move up to suck his dick. Kevin says, "I'm
just working down here to prepare my lunch, Sir."

Tyrone smiles and puts his right hand around the back of Kevin's head and
says, "We have a house special that we're serving today. It's really
good. You wouldn't want it to be overcooked. It gets hard to swallow."
Kevin laughed out loud sits up to grab as taste of pre-cum forming in his
piss slit. "Don't confuse that appetizer with the main course," Tyrone
said, continuing with the restaurant theme.

"MMMmmm mmmm," Kevin responded as his mouth accepted the oversized head of
Tyrone's cock into his mouth, licking all around the glans without taking
his mouth off the large bat, nor gulping for air. Kevin has trained himself
to breathe through his nose when he can't get enough air through his
mouth. But with Tyrone's large unit, Kevin, thinks to himself, `I need to
pull off of the big suffocating cock just enough to take in some air down
my throat'. He creates a good pace to keep Tyrone's fabulous dick happy and
remain conscious. This particular cock is difficult to satisfy by oral
skills alone. Kevin has only sucked this giant cock 3 times before. He
loves the challenge, he loves how his mouth and throat feels while he's
sucking a huge cock. He is also becoming more dedicated to the owner of
this huge cock.

"Kevin, I'm all horned up. If you keep going I'm going to explode soon. I'd
love for you to fuck me if you're feeling like it." Tyrone tells him.

"Okay. I'm gonna need you to spit on it. It needs to be wet." Kevin sat up
on the bench seat of the van next to Tyrone, who bent over and started
sucking Kevin's dick.

"You have a really beautiful cock, Kevin. And you know how to use it. You
up for using it on my hole?" Tyrone asks.

"Uh huh. Lift your legs up. Pull your hole open for me." Kevin's tongue
takes aim at the black star fish.

"AHHHhhhh. Oh god. You are so good at that." Tyrone exclaims. Kevin raises
up on his knees and takes his own cock in his right hand, drooling down on
it to keep it wet.

"I'm going in. I really want this. You ready?"

"I'm so ready. Ive been thinking about this moment for two days now. I
guess I'm too Dom for guys to want to fuck me, you know?"

"I do know. You're also a very large, sexy 1st Sergeant in the U.S. Army
and you're a Dom." Kevin says to Tyrone as he is pushing his dick into his
ass, "So, no, you don't come across like a needy bottom. But Tyrone," Kevin
leans forward with his dick slowly fucking the large man, "You're a very
sexy man with great equipment. I'll be happy to fuck you anytime you want,"
Kevin begins to pump a bit harder as his smile fades from broad to intense.

Anton, driving the van, can hear almost all of the intense
conversation. Neither of the engaged men in the back seat are fearful of
Anton hearing anything. "Guys! Don't forget about me. I'm needy too." Anton
shares.

As Kevin continues to fuck his boss, he asks Anton, "So what is it exactly
that you want to do right now? I mean, you can't pull over to change
drivers because I Don't have a license... besides I'm kind of in the middle
of something here."

"Oh, I know. But you know that I don't like to get left out of anything
fun." Anton tells them.

Tyrone tells them, "Anton, I believe that the Folsom Fair comes up in a few
weeks. Next trip Kevin will have his Driver's License."

Anton's eyebrows raise high on his forehead hearing that. "Is that our next
road trip?"

"I guess we'll have to look into that," Tyrone says to Anton. "Now... plow
me Kevin. I need it."

"Yes, Sir! I need it too, Sir. Hold your knees up. Kevin pulls his cock out
of Tyrone's ass and takes one more major oral swipe against his
butthole. He pierces the hole with his Tongue and then, stuffs in a couple
of fingers as well, pulling the hole wider while inserting his tongue even
deeper. Kevin continues to work the hole for a few minutes stretching it
out a bit and then as suddenly as he dove in, Kevin jumps back onto his
knees and slams into Tyrone's newly stretched out ass hole. No pain, only
groans of pleasure. Kevin doesn't slow down. He goes full speed for a bit
until they both need a momentary rest. Kevin feels Tyrone's balls, pulling
the sack away from his body, and Tyrone doing the same to Kevin, spanking
his balls with one good slap before Kevin reinserts his shaft. Both now on
the verge of an orgasm. Kevin smacks Tyrone's ass with his right hand and
pinches his nipples with his left. Kevin, closing in on his own orgasm, he
leans forward and kisses the big man with a good deal of passion, pushing
away Tyrone's hands from his own cock and starting to masturbate the very
large penis between them. Both men now breathing harder and gasping for
air, Kevin takes the large cock head into his mouth, while still fucking
the large man.

"Oh my god, I'm cumming. Keep fucking me. Keep fucking me, Kevin." Tyrone
tells him.

Kevin is fucking, masturbating and sucking the man when he pulls his head
away for two seconds to say, "I'm gonna continue to suck your cock. I want
your piss," and then took the dick head back into his mouth.

Tyrone's eyes grew wide.... He shot a very large 6 rope load into Kevin's
eager mouth. Kevin continued sucking the big cock even while he struggled
to swallow repeatedly until it had cleared his throat. And then the tasted
the few initial drops of piss in his mouth that were just starting to
flow. "Oh god that feels so good. You're such a great cocksucker,
Kevin. And such a good urinal too. Your mouth is awesome."

Anton could barely keep his eyes on the road. He so wanted to be able to
watch the event that he just heard. "I couldn't watch that, but it sounded
like an incredible porn movie."

When it was all over, Kevin continues to suck and lick, to the point of
oversensitive torture. There was almost nothing to clean up. All of the
mess went down Kevin's throat, except for the cum in Tyrone's ass, so Kevin
went down on Tyrone's butthole and fetched his own jizz out of the loosened
hole, sucking it all into his mouth and then delivering up to Tyrone's
mouth and sharing it during a very sexy kiss. Tyrone happy to share the
load with his young buddy. "You're probably the only one that would dare to
do something like that with me... you know that, right?"

"Yeah, probly. I just figured that you shouldn't have to miss out on all
the very sexy fun... If our roles were reversed, I'd want it all. And if
you didn't want it, you would've told me that a while back, " Kevin stated
with a sly wink. Tyrone grinned his response.

The men caressed one another and then kissed for a while in the back seat,
both feeling very `at-home' with one another. Not something that Anton's
keen observation missed.

**************

"We're about 50 miles from Provo. Kevin... would you please call the boys
and see if they've spoken to their Grandmother and if there are any
updates," Anton asks.

Kevin grabs his phone and calls ... "Hi David. This is David, right?
Okay. Did you talk to your Grandma? Did she sound happy? Oh, that's too
bad. But you still want us to follow you to her house, right? Okay,
good... but you will see her again. Did you tell her that you'll still be
in Utah? Did you tell her that you'll be back to visit her occasionally?
Well... I think she'll feel better when she meets us. Yes, Okay. Bye."

"What did Grandmother have to say?" Anton Asked.

"Their Gran thought that it sounded as though the boys were abandoning her,
and she's sad that they want to leave." Kevin reports. "Listen, there's so
much changing in their lives right now. They've got to be a little wigged
out. Family connection is so important. And they're NOT trying to get away
from the grandmother. Their motivation is to make something happen that
they can depend on..."

"Well, and sex too." Anton reasoned.

Tyrone says "We've got to show these boys that they have choices in
everything they do and we need to train them how to be good, productive
men."

Anton and Kevin both agreed. Tyrone adds, "Let's do this together. I don't
want to just become their boss. They're gonna become my roommates for a
while, at least. I don't want to be the only leadership in their
lives. That might feel like being back in their family's house again. That
might make them want to flee, you know. So we need to make them feel
welcome and we need to let Grandma know that she's not being cut off from
these boys.

"Yup," Kevin says.

"I'm in," adds Anton.

"Ya know, we need to stop before we get to Grandma's house so we can leave
her car with a full tank." Tyrone tells Kevin. "Call them and give them the
update."

"Hi David. Not a thing... Nope, but Tyrone wants to fill up your Grandma's
tank before you leave it with her. Yes. I'll tell him, but I'm sure you'll
be able to show your appreciation to him later. Yeah, okay. Bye. David said
Thanks. They were a bit worried about leaving her without any gas in the
tank." Kevin says. "I think the twins are pretty great kids, but I sure
wouldn't want to try to peel them apart."

"You know, Kevin," Tyrone observes, "You probably did them a great favor
when you showed them how to satisfy each other sexually. They would have
been forever unfulfilled if you hadn't. That was a very caring thing to
do."

"Thank you, Sir. I appreciate that. I've been thinking about how we can
continue with the care and feeding of the twins when we get them up to the
base. I think that we need to really keep them on a leash for the first few
days. We need to make certain that they understand the importance of
secrecy, you know? We're going to have to have a training session very
quickly. Maybe we should discuss the sensitivity of what we do on our drive
up to the base," Kevin suggests to Tyrone.

"Yeah, I plan to. But you guys can chime in..." Tyrone suggests.

Anton follows the boys into a gas station. Both vehicles need gas. The
twins are excited but agitated at the thought of having to leave `Gran.'
All the men need to use the facility, except for Tyrone. He had already
relieved himself in Kevin's mouth a short time earlier.

Tyrone paid for the gas and the caravan resumed. Next stop: Grandma's
house.


****************


`Gran' was sitting out in front in a rock chair on the front porch. The
neighborhood was clean but very simple. Not too private. All the men
immediately got out of the car but let the twins run over to her and hug
her madly. One could see that she was pleased to see them. Tyrone, Anton
and Kevin stood back by the van until they were acknowledged. "Would you
introduce me to your friends?" Gran asked.

Deke walked over and took Anton's hand..."this is Anton. This is Kevin and
THIS is Tyrone. Tyrone is our new boss, and he's their boss too."

The moment was fraught with more questions than answers. Gran asked, "What
work will you be doing?

Tyrone spoke up. "The boys tell me that they have some skills for fixing
things up and such and I have a house that needs some attention. We'll need
to discuss a game plan, but I have a guest room that they can stay in for a
bit until we figure out a course for the boys."

Gran was visibly protective about her grandchildren, though 18 years
old. "Will they be able to leave any time they want? What will they eat?
... and..."

Tyrone gently but firmly cut her off. "Ma'am ... I'm a First Sergeant in
the U.S. Army. I rank highly enough to live off base. These men are
Privates under my command. The twins described their situation to us and
we, together, decided to step in and offer them some strong male
leadership, which might be less than present in their lives currently. We
all live on an Army base just North of the Salt Lake. Ma'am, they can
borrow my car to come and visit you whenever they want and you can come up
to visit them whenever you might want to. It's only about 40 minutes drive
North on Highway 15. Here is my card which has my cell phone on it and you
can talk to the boys at any time.

"Are you going to try to recruit the boys?" Gran asked.

"We are going to show them all kinds of things including making them
familiar with the base. It's isn't my objective to recruit them, but if
they were interested I think it might be something to consider. And I'll
make this promise to you," Tyrone continued. "If they ever get interested
in an Army career we'll ask for you to come visit the boys so you can talk
some sense into them. Deal?"

"You're leaving right away, aren't you? Gran asks.

"That's the plan," Anton says. "Tyrone just filled your gas tank. Are you
up to driving up to visit one day this week?"

Gran starts to smile just a little. "I think that would be splendid. Thank
you. Can you show me on a map where to go?

"Sure" Anton says. He goes and grabs a book of maps and loosely traces the
map onto a blank page. He traces all the necessary roads and then writes
their names all the way to the base. "Sir, perhaps you could write your
address here since I don't know it by heart."

Tyrone adds a tiny bit to the map and puts an X right where his house
is... "Now, I don't know your name or your phone number."

"My name is Margaret Fuller. Pleased to meet you. Pleased to meet all of
you. I hope you can understand that these boys are so special to me. I want
them to be close by."

"I understand. I can see that you love these boys. Margaret, I hope you'll
call before you come up. I can't always break away from Army business, but
typically one of us can. Pleased to meet you too, Margaret.

Anton interjects, "guys... do you need to grab some clothes inside?"

"Oh yeah," the boys say in unison, clearly excited. They each emerge from
the house with arm loads of T-shirts and underwear and shoes and shorts,
which they pour into the back of the van, burying all of the men's baggage.

There were hugs and kisses between the boys and Gran. "You boys be safe
now..."

"We will" say Deke and David in unison.

And they all pile into the back, with Kevin in the shotgun seat.

As they drive away, Tyrone begins to explain the facts of where they're
going and how important it is to be able to keep secrets. The boys listen
intently.

And then explain, "we understand about secrecy. We were raised Mormon,
remember? We understand that not everybody is gay. We will protect your
info. We won't ruin anything. We respect our relationship. And we
understand what you were telling Gran about male leadership. We've missed
having our dad in our lives, even though we don't like him. He's still our
father and we need adult men in our lives. We want that."

Tyrone just sat and listened. The boys understood. "Okay, but once in a
while we will tell you what you can talk about and what you
can't.... Okay?"

"Yup," the boys said in unison.

"So, you're a sergeant?" Deke asked Tyrone. "What should we call you?"

"You know son, we've just been talking about that. When the three of us are
on vacation, like in San Francisco, then we use our First names. But now
that we're almost back to the base we have to use the military protocol of
addressing each other by our rank. Anton will be referred to as `Private',
so will Kevin. They will refer to me as Sergeant or FIRST Sergeant. If they
are addressing me they will call me SIR." Tyrone explains.

"Is that what we should call you... Sir?" David asks.

" When we are totally alone.. nobody else around, like in my house, you
don't have to call me Sir. But in front of anyone else, I think it's
best. Do you understand?" Tyrone explains.

"Yes Sir!" The Twins say in unison. "We think we want to call you `Sir',
Sir. We've talked about it. But does that mean that you're going to be our
Dom?"

Tyrone is perplexed for a moment and looks at Kevin for some inspiration as
to how to answer that. Kevin tells them, "Your Dom will be the man that
you're sexually submitting to. This isn't about sex. This is about military
protocol and how you should address the Sergeant."

"Okay. But can we ask you about sex stuff?" David asks.

Kevin asks the boys, "what do you want to know?"

"We want to be able to have sex with all of you. We really love everything
you've been teaching us about. We always knew we were gay, but we didn't
really know what that could mean until we met you guys. We want more
experience.

"Okay, we think you guys are pretty special. We want to help you get lots
of different kinds of experience. Sex is only part of that. What do you
want to see happen?" Kevin asks.

"Well, at the hotel we were all having sex in one room. Will that happen at
your house or do we go somewhere else? Like, where do you guys live?" Deke
asks the men.

"I think we need for you to get settled in the Sergeant's house and then we
can show you where we live. But Kevin and I kind of live in a group home
with a bunch of other guys." Anton shares. "We'll give you a tour of the
base tomorrow afternoon, okay?"

"Okay," say the twins in unison.

Anton continues to drive to the residence of the First Sergeant, Tyrone
Brown. They all empty out of the van as quickly as they can, stretching
their legs and separating the luggage and the boy's loose clothes to take
inside. The boys are excited to see the house and their new room and
quickly start to hang up their clothes and put things in some drawers,
which aren't entirely empty, but they'll figure all that out in the
morning.

"Thank you Sir!" Anton says to the First Sergeant. "We appreciate all of
your support, Sir." Anton and Kevin stand at attention and salute, not
because they're in a military situation, but to demonstrate to the Sergeant
that they understand that they are no long on vacation and that the
situation for all of them has returned to Army protocol status.

"Thank you gentlemen. See you in the morning. Perhaps we can discuss some
of this at 1100 in my office tomorrow?


A new chapter coming shortly....

Thanks for your messages. I love hearing from you.

---

Untitled (Chapter 28)

Date: Sat, 17 May 2025 10:34:11 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 32

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you think of the story.

Kevin Jones -- New Orders 32

Day 17        1500


"Hey Hank... do you know that bar that we were standing at 30 minutes ago,
'The Hole in the Door'? Asks Tyrone.

"Yup" Hank answers. "that's the piss bar, right?"

"Well, Kevin and I had been chatting about going in there and checking the
place out. You want to go in with us? You too Anton, if you want, but, the
twins won't be able to get in, I'm pretty sure." Tyrone explains.

"Anton says "I'm in!"

"What should we do?" Asks Deke.

"What do you want to do?" Kevin asks.

"We want to learn about everything," David tells them. "We like everything
that you've showed us so far."

"Do you understand what it's about? What happens...Maybe you should ask me
some questions about it." Kevin explained

"We know what happens. We talked about it a lot after we watched Anton piss
in your mouth the first time we saw you. And then we watched you suck his
cock. It was great!" Deke tells the posse. Kevin's eyebrows raise in
surprise.

"We didn't get it at first, but we figured it out." Deke explains to the
men.

That night you taught us more about sex than we ever got to do before. We
loved it so much. But we didn't know if it was okay for us to ask you about
the piss thing. We just knew that it looked so hot when you did it. And we
got to watch you sucking Anton's cock for a while too. We'd never seen that
before in person. We had only seen it in a movie. That's why we followed
Anton. We wanted to meet both of you, but you left pretty fast so we didn't
even know if you knew each other. So, will you teach us about the piss
thing tonight? Deke pleads, with a furrowed brow.

"Sure," Kevin says. `Will you be okay on your own for a while if we go get
a drink in that bar? Maybe we can meet up in front of the bar an hour
later?"

Kevin looks older than these boys: his size and his muscularity and
confidence gets him past the watchful eye of the door guard at the bar. The
four men walk into the bar and a few heads turn as they enter. As with any
leathered group of men, the crowd doesn't part easily as they walk through
the crowd, each of the men squeeze in between the packed crowd, each of
them getting their nipples tweaked, their asses rubbed and their packages
groped. One of the bars patrons actually shouted when he felt Tyrone's
large bulge through his new sexy, snug leather shorts. "We have a winner!!"
Needless to say, a majority of the men in attendance turned to look. But
Hank simply forced his way in between Tyrone and the groper to control the
situation, so nobody knew for certain which one of the men was the
`winner'. But everyone in the bar knew what that meant and the crowd's
attention was now focused on all of these men.

Tyrone, Hank and Anton, all three very tall men, stood above the crowd so
they drew the most attention as they passed through. As they reach the bar,
some of the patron's moved aside to get a better view of the newbies. Anton
ordered four beers for the guys, as a line of mostly sexy and somewhat
sweaty men with no shirts, made their way toward the rear of the
bar. Kevin, leaning against the bar, looking very sexy in his skimpy
leather shorts, harness and boots, asked one of these masculine, muscled
men where everyone was going.

The man answered "the action is in the back room... you thirsty?"

"Always," Kevin answered as he fell into the conga line headed for the back
room. As they made their way, the muscled man groped Kevin's crotch and
then took Kevin's left hand as they headed into the dark entryway.

Once through the door the man led Kevin to the left in the dark hallway
type room, until there was an empty spot on the wall of men. The man leaned
back and Kevin crouched down in front of him, pulling the zipper to his
bulging jeans down so that he could find the prize inside. Kevin stood up
and kissed the man, to the man's surprise. A nice, passionate kiss. Then
Kevin leaned over to the man's left ear and said. "Feed me Sir. I want your
piss." He smiled at the man as he knelt down to crotch level and opened his
mouth.

The anonymous man told Kevin, "suck my cock for a couple of minutes. I want
to get hard." Kevin did what he does best. He took the man's cock in his
mouth and was immediately rewarded by a growing and unexpectedly thick
dick. "Here ya go, boy. Feeding time." The fat cock sputtered for about 10
seconds and then quickly reached full blast. Kevin was thrilled to be
drinking Beer Piss, which all drinkers know is the best tasting piss. Kevin
recognized that this was the very favorite tasting piss he'd ever
tasted. So, when the man ran out briefly, Kevin shifted his service back to
sucking mode which pleased the man. "that's a very good boy... you know
what you're doing doncha, boy? Keep sucking it."

After a couple of minutes of sucking the hardening cock, Kevin is again
treated by another flow of piss from the man's cock. "Mmmmm. So good,"
Kevin softly told the man. But the man didn't stop pissing when Kevin
spoke, so the piss ran down his chin to his chest and his stomach. Kevin
did nothing to stop it though he knew he could easily have pinched the
man's hose with his fingers to halt the flow for just a moment. But Kevin
was enjoying his shower. When the flow stopped Kevin stood up and rubbed
the mess on his chest into his skin in front of the man. He kissed the man
again and told him, "Thank you sir. That was the best tasting piss ever."
Satisfied, Kevin went back to find the doorway and eventually the posse
that he rode in with. But he couldn't find them.

Anton had followed Kevin into the dark room with a shorter sub who had
approached him, thinking that Anton might have a big hose to feed him. The
smaller sub was not disappointed. Anton was full of 2 margaritas and 1
beer. The short sub was very pleased.

"Let's go discover," Hank beckoned Tyrone.

"You sure you're ready for this?" Tyrone asked Hank.

"No, I'm kind of anxious to be honest, but I'm as excited as fuck to
experience it with you.

"Good," Tyrone says, "cause I have to piss like a racehorse. Let's go do
this." Tyrone pulls Hank into the dark room and finds a clearing close to
the door. There's a bit of light from the doorway. Tyrone gently pushes
hank down by putting his right hand on Hank's shoulder. Both men are
working in the dark to fish out Tyrone's tucked away cock. Tyrone unbuckles
his belt as Hank pulls his own dick out so he can stroke it. As Tyrone
unfurls his giant dick, he says to Hank, "here goes baby." Hank, squatting
in front of Tyrone sits there like a baby bird waiting for his mom to bring
him a nice juicy worm for dinner. Tyrone struggles a bit. Nothing comes
out.

Tyrone's size has attracted a couple of the more experienced dark room
dwellers. They've seen his large dick and decided to watch the
festivities. A sexy guy leans over and say's "just relax, man" as he puts
his left hand on Tyrone's nipples and strokes them. "take a big
breath. Blow it out a little. Relax. You don't need to be nervous. You're
in charge here." Then the man gets down on his knees and says to Hank, "Can
I help you get this going?" the stranger asks gently.

Hank, surprised and nervous accepts the guys offer and he hands Tyrone's
hard cock over to the new guy. The new trainer says to Hank, "Watch
this. You get up to the head of his cock and then you gently lick under his
piss slit to communicate that you're ready for a drink. Do it 3 or 4 times
to prime the pump. You can start to lick around the head of his dick to
relax him... here, watch me. The trainer does exactly what he just told
Hank to do and Tyrone's dick starts to flow. The trainer drinks it and
grabs Hank by the neck and quickly moves his mouth into place so Hank can
get a mouthful. Tyrone's dick doesn't stop. Hank tried to swallow and the
trainer takes the spigot and shows Hank how to continually drink from the
tap and simultaneously swallow the load down his throat. "try it again" he
says as he moves Hanks head into place to take Tyrone's continuously
flowing piss load. "It's really good, buddy. Keep drinking. It's okay if
some of it spills." But Hank can't keep up. The trainer tells Hank, "let's
not waste this and he gently moves Hank to the side and directs the big
hose toward his own mouth and drinks the rest of the very large bladder
full from Tyrone's big cock.

When the large man's piss flow stops, the trainer looks up to Tyrone and
says, "May we suck your cock now sir?" Tyrone agrees and the trainer moves
Hanks head to the right side of Tyrone's semi hard penis. The trainer takes
the left side and the trainer shows Hank how to work the big dick with both
of their tongues in unison. The 14incher starts growing again, with men
sliding up and down the cock, the trainer grabs Tyrone's bare butt cheek
and starts to push it forward as the men manipulate his dick. Tyrone
responds to this and starts to breath harder. Even more excited when he
realizes that this 3-way in the hallway has attracted the attention of
several others. The trainer tells Hank, "lick his balls." The trainer pulls
in another onlooker to suck his cock. And then the trainer goes back to
Tyrone's butt and separates his glutes, pushing his tongue in Tyrone's big
black hole. `very tasty' the trainer thinks to himself.

Like a freight train building steam, Tyrone's body gets ready to shoot a
lot of cum. 5 different men, working Tyrone's body in different ways all
feel a bit of satisfaction as they watch Tyrone's magnificent cock shoot
rope after rope of cum, the first of which hits Hank and the wall in back
of him. The others put their hands out to snatch a taste of cum from the
shooting cock. Lots of moans. Tyrone's guttural response and shudder let's
all of the men in the hallway know that the event has come to an end. But
still, the participants and even several additional voyeurs came up and
rubbed Tyrone's chest and ass and congratulated him on his body and his
performance.  The trainer pulls Hank in to help clean the big dick.

"I didn't do so good Daddy." Hank tells Tyrone once they were back in the
main room of the bar.

"Buddy, do you think this is the only time we're going to be playing like
this? Maybe not with a crowd like this, but this was only an introduction."

"Yeah, Tyrone, I want to get better at this." Hank tells him.

"Let me tell you something, big guy," Tyrone tells Hank. "That was really
fun, all of it. But it wouldn't have happened if you weren't here with
me. I was thinking about you the whole time. Though it was really fun
listening to that trainer tell you what to do. I enjoyed that. I guess I'm
gonna have to be a lot more dominant with you, aren't I?"

All of the four enjoyed a couple more beers at the bar. The trainer, as
part of the continuous parade coming from the back room, saw Tyrone and
stopped to chat for a minute.

"That was fun. I loved serving you, sir."

"I loved it too," said Hank, standing behind the trainer, speaking to him
over his shoulder, "Thanks for the lesson. It really helped."

"I appreciated all of it. Loved the rim job." Tyrone tells him

"I wish I was there to see that," Kevin says.

"You'll be there tonight, Tyrone tells him.

"There's a party tonight?" asks the trainer.

"Well, we're just getting together in our hotel room. A couple of boys we
know want to get some experience," Tyrone tells the trainer. "I'm Tyrone,
by the way." The men shake hands.

"I'm Ethan. Nice to meet you."

"I'm Kevin... I'm Anton... I'm Hank." They all shake hands

Kevin asks, "you're a drinker. Are you a feeder too?"

"... and a sucker and an all-around participant," says Ethan. "where are
you staying?"

"We're at the Dive Inn. Do you know where that is?" Anton asks.

"I do." Says Ethan.

"we'll be there about 6pm, which is pretty soon," Kevin joins in. "I'm
guessing we'll grab a couple of pizzas.. but I think we need a couple more
beers before we go. The Boys will be waiting out front for us in a few
minutes."

"you asked me if I was a pisser or a drinker. Which are you?" Ethan asks

Kevin smiles slyly and says "both, but I really like drinking the most."

"I'm really quite full right now. Want to join me in the back?" Ethan asks.

"Sure. I'll follow you." Kevin hooks his finger into Ethan's shorts, like
it was a trailer hitch.

Ethan tells him that he's "... had 4 beers and then Tyrone's bladder full,
so I really have to piss." Kevin's arms grabbed Ethan's head as quickly as
they entered the dark room. He sucked on Ethan's lips and kissed him
roughly. He wanted to taste Ethan's breath and taste the twice drunk beer
that Ethan was about to feed him. "I can taste Tyrone's butthole on your
lips. He's a very sexy guy isn't he?"

"he's a god," Ethan said calmly."Will he be participating this evening?"

"I think so. I hope so." Kevin enthuses. Kevin drops to his knees begins to
suck Ethan's dick...

"careful, Buddy. You want piss or cum?" Ethan asked.

"I think it might be fun to get both," Kevin says to his newest piss buddy.

"actually, just give me a little bit of piss to take the edge off, We'll
save the rest for playing at our hotel." Kevin suggests. "so do you want to
cum here or there?

"Let's save it for the party at 6. Tell you what, I'll bring a case of
beer. You get the pizza and I'll meet you at 6." Ethan directs. And they go
back to tell the others the plan.

"Ethan's going to join us with the boys at 6 at the hotel. He's going to
bring a case of beer. We're going to get a couple of pizzas." Kevin tells
the posse. "do we know where Ollie and Alex will be back tonight?"

"Yeah, where did those boys go?" Hank says. "I texted them yesterday." Hank
thinks to check his text messages and sees that the boys did, in fact
answer yesterday. "They were invited to a big sex party last night and
wanted to invite us to go along," But they'll likely join us for dinner
tonight.

Kevin says, "I wonder if they'll like the kind of drinks we intend to
serve?"

Hank says, "I expect they will. They're kinkier than me."

The men find the Twins waiting outside the bar, expectantly. "There you
are. We've been talking about what might be going on in there. Tell us what
you guys did," Deke says to Anton and Kevin.

"Why don't we just show you? We're even bringing a new friend to join us."
Kevin tells the boys.

The boys respond like it's Christmas morning. They are bracing each other
and smiling. "When are we doing this?" asks David.

"6 o'clock at the hotel room but we have to get some pizzas."

"Doesn't the pizza place deliver, like at home?" Deke asks. Kevin and Anton
quickly looked at each other wondering why they didn't think of that.

All of the men convene at the larger hotel room, up stairs and they put
their stuff away, half packing as they go, since they all leave in the
morning. "I'm going to go down to the front and wait for Ethan." Kevin
tells the group.

Kevin opens the door for Ethan and offers to take the case of beer since
he'd been carrying it for a few blocks. "Thanks man. It definitely got
heavier as I walked over. I thought about drinking a couple so that it
would be lighter." Ethen tells Kevin. Kevin laughs and as they approach the
room door, Kevin kisses Ethan, saying, It's so good we met you."

"Yeah, I thrive best as part of a group." Ethan shares as they enter the
room. Most of the men have removed at least some of their clothes, all of
them agreeing that they should all briefly shower before they start. As
these things go, the men are getting increasingly undressed and sitting
around and remaining naked after their showers. There weren't as many fresh
towels as there were wet men so they had to pat each other down with semi
wet towels. Nobody bitched.

Alex and Ollie walked in about 6:30. "Ah, I see nothing's changed since we
saw you last." All the men laughed. The new comers got naked and showered
too, knowing that some sort of fun would commence.

All the men in the room were fluffing their own dicks in preparation of the
fun. A knock on the door, Anton answers the door naked and sees a young 5ft
9" muscle stud with three large pizzas in his arms. "Oh good, the pizzas
are here. Put `em on the table over there, and the delivery boy steps
around all the wet towels on the floor and places the pizzas neatly on
table, deploying paper plates, napkins and small packets of parmesan cheese
on the table next to it. Kevin looks at the pizzas and tells the muscle boy
that they pizzas were "... supposed to have pepperoni and a side of blow
job." Kevin looking seriously at the pizza boy who says, "Our boss tells us
to always make it right for our customers no matter what it is," and
proceeds to take off his clothes and pile them in back of one of the
chairs. "But I can't stay for more than 30 minutes. So, who's first?"

"Would you like a beer? Ethan offers. The delivery boys smiles and accepts
it from Ethan's hands.

Kevin says, "Anton, you go first." Anton sits down in the chair and the
delivery boy begins to suck his cock without even a word or a grunt. He
just went right for it.

"I'm gonna probably take a long time," Anton says as his big dick got
harder and harder. "And I think you should probably get to taste as many of
us as you can. Tyrone, I think you should go next. Come sit here." Anton
said thank you to the delivery boy and stood up giving Tyrone a place to
sit down in front of him. Without any additional conversation, the delivery
boy began to attempt to take Tyrone's cock into his mouth. He actually
succeeded in getting him really hard as he jacked and licked the big cock
for several minutes.

Tyrone went along with the fun for a bit but knew the boy couldn't make him
cum. "I think it's Ethan's turn for a few minutes." Nobody came as the boy
sucked several of the men's cocks until his phone's timer went off. He
stood up and got his clothes and told the men "Thank you so much. That's
always been my fantasy to do that. I hope you liked my `side of blowjob.'
It was great to have those big cocks in my mouth. If any of you want me to
come back after work, which would be after 11 probably, I'm going to write
my name and phone number on the outside of the pizza box. I would have more
time to finish if you wanted. Have a really fun party."

Kevin went over to the box. His name is Damian, but the ink ran together on
some of the numbers and they were illegible.  "But, we could always order
more pizza." Kevin pointed out.

"That was so fucking cool to watch. We were playing with each others dicks
while we watched that," David tells the group.

"Yeah, I thought that it was a joke that you'd set up," Ethan said. "but
guys, I really need to drink a beer and take a piss."

"Guys, come over here. Sit here on the floor and watch. Ethan, feed me some
of your piss." Kevin cocks his head back and opens his mouth wide and the
boys get to marvel at how fun it looks. Kevin continues to swallow it down
but moves up on Ethan's dick and drinks from the tap. Kevin puts his hand
up to Ethan and he stops. "Deke. Come sit right here and look up. Open your
mouth wide. You're gonna taste this." Deke eagerly follows Kevin's
directions and Ethan starts again. "Keep swallowing Deke. It's
delicious. Ethan don't stop." He pulls David right in next to where Deke is
sitting on the floor." Open your mouth David. He does. Kevin takes Ethan's
good size dick and moves it to David's mouth. David takes a short
gulp. Kevin asks Deke, "how did you like that? Taste's good, doesn't it?"

Kevin jerks Ethan's dick toward his own mouth, getting in a couple of good
gulps before Ethan stops. Kevin reaches for David's face and kisses him in
a very dominant way. Then he does the same to Deke. "You guys like that?"

"That was really sexy," both boys agree. "What does it taste like do you
think, Kevin?"

"It tastes like used beer... but I think it's even better than beer... Are
you ready for more from all of us?

"Can we suck your dicks too?" the twins ask.

"Of course. You can do it all. Is there anything you don't want from us?"
Kevin asks.

" I think that we don't want Tyrone to fuck us ... yet."

"I think you're right. You're not ready for that." Kevin tells them.

"But you can fuck us, Kevin. We talked about it. We really want that."

"It'll hurt your boy's holes if I fuck you before you're ready." Kevin
says.

"remember how you taught us to eat each other's butts? If we do that first
I think you could fuck us."

"Guys, go suck cocks for awhile, okay? Suck everyone here and then we'll
talk about it. Deke you play with your brother's hole. You do the same
David. Let's see how you feel about it later tonight. And
EVERYONE... please play with their asses. They think they want to get
fucked. So let's help them this evening. Let's stretch those holes."

All the men found their spot. It was kind of like Musical Chairs but
without the music. Ollie wanted to service Anton. Alex with Kevin, David
went with Kevin, Hank interestingly clung to Anton, Deke with Tyrone, and
Ethan was eager to service Kevin, but they moved around a lot for the next
3 hours. Everyone started off with a beer... or two. Everyone was eager to
suck on a dick.

"lay down here on the floor," Kevin tells David. "I'm gonna sit on your
face. You know what to do?"

David says, "Of course I do. You taught me."

Then Kevin invites Ethan over to sit on the floor, straddling David and
facing Kevin. Kevin pulls Ethan toward him to kiss for a while, Kevin plays
with Ethan's nipples for a minute. Kevin asks Ethan if he likes to get
fucked. "Oh yeah, but I'd love for you to play with my ass for a bit
first."

"Of course... we both will," Kevin tells him. "We'll start with you sucking
my dick," as Kevin gently pushes Ethan's head down to service his erect
cock. That continues for only 2 or 3 minutes before Kevin stands up and
tells Ethan to sit on David's face. When he plants hole over David, Kevin
gives him another kiss. Kevin whispers, "hold his legs up for me, I need a
snack." and hands both of David's legs up for Ethan to grab by his
knees. Kevin gets down on the floor and dives into David's cute little
hole. Kevin licks and plays with David's ass for a couple of minutes,
spiting and fingering the hole, and then spitting on it some more. Kevin
uses both thumbs to open the hole more and then dives in again, getting his
tongue further up David's hole than before. David moans like crazy. Kevin
tells him, "you keep eating Ethan's hole, buddy. You need this
practice. Get your tongue up there." Ethan smiles, not only because he can
feel David's tongue go deeper but because Kevin is encouraging David to
really experience this. "Your ass tastes really good, David. How do you
like Ethan's ass. Taste good?" David's answer is muffled but he nods as he
grunts.

Kevin spits a big glob onto David's hole and then works his thumb all the
way in, and finger fucks him with it for a short while, then proceeds with
the second thumb doing the same, but stretching in a bit before getting his
tongue in there even deeper. David moaning louder. "Hey Tyrone..." Kevin
says. "Can I borrow Deke for a few minutes? You can have him back in a few
minutes."

"Deke, your brother's hole needs your cock. I want for you to play with his
hole for a few minutes and then fuck him. He's ready for you, Okay?"

"Ethan, stand up for me, lean over the bed here, don't move." Kevin
directs.

Kevin gets his face right in front of David's. "Deke is gonna fuck you now
because you're ready for his dick. But we'll play more after, understand?"
David nods. "I want you to hold your butt open for him," Kevin
directs. "Like Ethan was holding them open. Good boy," Kevin gives David a
moderate spank on his ass, which shocks David, but he smiles when he
realizes that he liked it. Deke knew how to play with David's ass. Kevin
had trained him.

Ethan watches the whole scene with David, while lying face down on the bed,
his legs wide on the floor. "This looks pretty tasty." Kevin starts to play
a bit with Ethan's ass, realizing quickly that David had done a good job of
relaxing his butt hole. Kevin needed a bit of lube on his fingers and calls
out..."Anton, do we have any lube?"

"Of course we do," Anton replies. He throws a small bottle over to Kevin
who quickly applies some on his dick, smoothing around on his cock while he
walks over to Deke's dick and nonchalantly pours some on. He continues to
smear it onto David's hole, and returns his attention to Ethan's hole all
in mere seconds. Ethan took note of how caring Kevin was to help the boys
out like that.

Kevin stuck his dick in Ethan's crack and rode it sliding up and
down. Kevin reached around to Ethan's chest and rubbed and pinched his
nipples, just to get him worked up a bit. Kevin being a sub preferred to be
on the receiving end, feeling that the reason for him to fuck a guy would
be mostly as a service to his partner. He then brought his right hand back
to his cock and stroked it a couple of times before inserting the head in
Ethan's hole. It fit snugly but quickly as he used his left hand to pinch
Ethan's shoulder more as a massage, encouraging him to relax into the
fuck. Neither of these men wanted it to be over quickly. There were a
couple minutes of slow thrusting before Kevin got really comfortable with
controlling this new friend. When Ethan relaxed enough, Kevin sped up his
maneuvers, pushing down on the small of Ethan's back and thrusting more
purposely into Ethan's pussy. At the point of both men feeling they were
getting close, Kevin slowed and pulled out, replacing his dick with a few
oiled fingers on his right hand and smacking Ethan's ass very soundly with
his left hand. And then he repeated, and then he slapped Ethan's ass so
hard that there was a very red outline of a hand imprinted on his ass. And
then Kevin reinserted his cock, leaving both men with a new level of energy
for the fuck. They lasted for about 7 more minutes with both of the men
slamming into the other until they were breathing heavily in unison, each
of them focused on a very sexy final few thrusts and a very big load.

"Hey Ollie," Kevin said as he pulled him off of sucking Anton's dick. Both
men were surprised. "Get your tongue up in Ethan's ass and felch out my
cum. But you have to share some of it with Ethan."

Kevin quickly got down on Anton's huge dick and begin servicing his friend
expertly. Anton understood Kevin's level of expertise and welcomed the new
throat servicing his cock. Anton loves Kevin sucking his big unit. Kevin
loves to get Anton's long unit down his throat, ever since that first
afternoon when Anton hosted Kevin's Introduction Ceremony and introduced
Kevin to Piss drinking. Just yesterday Kevin took a big load of Anton's
piss down his throat in public, which was new and totally exciting. Both
men understood that their connection was just sex between two buddies and
hoped that they would be able to connect this way for a long time to come.

Kevin stopped for a minute to discuss some business. "Who wants to drink
from the tap?" All of the men want it. "I want as much as you'll give me
but I don't want to be selfish. Who wants a taste from Anton's tap? It's
really delicious."

Ethan wants a taste. So does Ollie and David. Hank is still thinking about
it. "Don't wait too long to decide. This is a limited commodity," Kevin
tells him. "But we can make more."

"Anton, give me a taste and then I've got some coaching to do." Kevin tells
him.

After a quick piss down his throat Kevin stands up and says, "so good."

Kevin walks over the Hank and says, "Let's make a team." "Tyrone, you got
any juice?" Tyrone nodded. "Hank, work with me." Kevin grabs Hank and pulls
him to the floor and Kevin positions Hank to sit down on the floor, across
from one another. Kevin takes Hanks face and moves it to his and plants a
big French kiss on him. Simultaneously Kevin pulls Tyrone's half hard, but
enormous, cock down to his own face like it was a gear shift knob. Kevin
starts to lick all over the head of Tyrone's cock, pulling Hanks face right
up to his own face and directs him to, "Do what I do, Hank, I love licking
balls, Hank. Join me," Kevin pushes the big man back on the bed for more
access. He starts to service Tyrone's balls and pulls Hanks face into the
act. Kevin lifts the big man's ball up and holds them away from his crotch,
showing Hank how to clean the man's junk while his ballsack is
taught. "Just keep licking these sexy balls, Hank. It feels so
good. Actually, let's get you up on the bed next to Tyrone. Lie back."
Kevin pulls Hanks balls out tight and gives him the same tongue service as
he was giving Tyrone. "Feel really good, doesn't it?"

"Hey Ethan, help me worship these men." Kevin starts by kissing Ethan and
says, "let's lick some taint." Ethan is guided to Hanks hole. Kevin starts
to service Tyrone's taint and balls. Kevin starts to feel Tyrone's ass hole
with his thumb, as he get's Ethan to see what he's doing. He licks and
fingers his hole. Ethan does the same to Hank.

"Alex, you've been quiet." Kevin says. "I want you on worship duty for
these two big guys. Armpits and nips."

Kevin checks in on the fucking twins. "how's it going, guys?" Kevin asks.

Deke reports that he came in David's ass and then he licked it out. "But
David doesn't want to fuck me because he loves me too much."

"Oh David, buddy, what's going on?" Kevin asks gently.

"I love my brother so much. I don't want to do anything that would
disappoint him. What if I fuck him and then doesn't like me anymore? What
would I do then?"  "He could've said the same thing to you, but he
didn't. In fact, he fucked you, right? Did you like it?" Kevin asks

"I loved it."

"Well, David, you guys are twins. You probably like all the same things, so
why wouldn't he love it too? Let me put it another way, David," Kevin
reasons, "this is all about fun. If you don't like it, or if he doesn't
like it, you don't have to do it again. But you should at least try it with
the guy that loves you unconditionally. He won't be pissed off at you for
anything, I guarantee you..." after thinking about it for a very short
moment, Kevin says, "I'll tell you what, if you fuck him and he doesn't
like it, I'll fuck him for you."

"That's not fair." David says

"Sure it is," Kevin defends his offer. "You want him to be happy getting
fucked. I'll make him happy, right? But if you fuck him and he really likes
it, I'll fuck each of you as a reward for your efforts. Is that okay?"

David beams with a big smile. "Yup. I'll do my best.. but let's do that
later. I'm not ready right now."

"sure, I need your help over here with these big guys anyway. I want you to
help Alex worship the big men over there on the bed, okay? The have some
big arms and thighs that need kissing and licking, okay?" Kevin asks.

Kevin gets back over to Anton and sits down in front of his cock. "At your
service, sir"

Anton grins and takes Kevin's face into his hands and gives him a full on
sloppy kiss. The men all seem to be on a course that doesn't need more
direction from Kevin. They're all their own now for the rest of the night.

"Whaddaya think, Anton? Do we need to get that pizza delivery boy back over
here?" Kevin asks.

Anton says, "No. He was very cute, but I think we're good with just us
here. I don't think I have any extra energy for anyone else at this point.
We have to get up early to drive home. But, you know, I'd love a blowjob."


New Chapter soon...

---

Untitled (Chapter 29)

Date: Sat, 10 May 2025 08:03:02 -0700
From: PalmerKunkel
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 31

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/
All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you think of the story.


Kevin Jones - New Orders  32

Day 17			0700

Kevin wakes up, feels for his hard dick under the covers and discovers it
in David's mouth. It feels good but it's more like David is just getting
used to having a big dick in his mouth and he's experimenting. Kevin pulls
the covers back enough to speak to the young cocksucker, "Good Morning,
David. You having fun down there?" Kevin says in a low voice, not knowing
what time it is or if his roommate's is awake yet. "Don't forget to make my
balls feel good."

"Ok," came the muffled response from down under.

"Hey, you guys up for breakfast?" Asks Anton, pulling his upper body up,
leaning on his right elbow,

"I'm pretty sure David is working on his breakfast at this very minute."
Kevin answers with a grin. "But I guarantee you that I'll be hungry in a
short bit. How is your guest doing? Is Deke awake?"

Anton says, "I don't want to ask him. It might be rude to provoke him into
talking with his mouth full."

Kevin smiling, "I'm definitely up for breakfast when we're finished. But
right now I'd love to sit up in bed next to you and watch the boys suck
dick. We may never get to see this again, you never know." Kevin throws
back the bedding and sits back on the headboard and pillows and tells David
"Hey, boy, come to daddy." He pats the bedding immediately next to him as
he looks at Anton, asking him to come join him.

Anton pulls the bedding back also and pulls his currently-cock-sucking-twin
over to Kevin's bed, sits back against the headboard next to Kevin and they
smile at one another. Anton tells Deke, "let's get going." Deke places his
hand around Anton's big meat and pulls it into his mouth and continues
where he got interrupted, but certainly not because he lost interest. Anton
says to Kevin, "these boys have really good instinct. How's David doing?"

Kevin says, "Hey David, how's it going? You want to just suck dick for a
little while or are you looking to eat some cum?"

David stops, grunts and pulls off Kevin's dick. "I really like this. I can
go for as long as you want. Just tell me when you want for me to go
faster." And then he takes Kevin's dick back in his mouth.

Anton asks Deke the same question, "Are you good?"

"I can go for a while too, but I want you to drown me in cum whenever you
want." Deke says.

Kevin and Anton turn their heads to one another and Smile, Kevin reaching
up to Anton's chest and tugs gently on his left nip, taking Anton's mouth
into his own and kisses him happily. Anton lets out a grunt, indicating
that he likes it all. "Keep going," Anton says.

Both of the men hear the Key card open the lock, the door handle opens and
in walks Tyrone and Hank. "Well look what we've been missing out on" Tyrone
says to Hank. The twins freeze, nervously, not wanting to give up the
prizes that they've worked so hard to acquire.

"Good morning Gentlemen," Hank says with a big smile. "We came by to see if
you want to join us for coffee, but it appears you're busy."

"Boys, don't stop... just keep going" Kevin says, "Actually, there's free
Coffee in the Restaurant next door for anyone staying here. I think you
should go grab some coffee and bring it back up and watch the fun... if you
want to." "Boys, do you drink coffee?"

Deke stops sucking Anton's dick for a second and says "We've never tasted
coffee before," and then continues with his work.

Kevin says to Hank, "5 coffees, 2 black, one with milk and Splenda, and one
with lots of creme and sugar for the boys to share. I don't know how you
take you take your coffee yet, Hank."

"Anton looks at Tyrone in the eyes and says, "We've been busy corrupting
these boys, teaching them how to suck cock, get fucked and all the good
things. Wanna play?

Tyrone looks and Hank and says, "can breakfast wait for bit?  "Oh yeah,"
Hank says.

"Want some help with the coffees?" Tyrone asks. "I got this," Hanks says as
he leaves the room.

"So what perverse things are you teaching these boys?" Tyrone asks.

"Last night I was teaching the boys how to fuck. They're quite adept
learners." Kevin tells Tyrone "I taught them how to eat ass and fuck. Then
I was teaching them how to service a big tall dominant guy, how to clean
armpits and lick nipples...  I want to give them more experience with
eating ass, but we haven't showered yet. These boys were sucking our cocks
even before we woke up."

Tyrone asks, "You're kinky little fuckers aren't you?"

Deke and David both answer "yes."

"It just so happens that Hank and I have showered and have extremely clean
butt holes at the moment he tells Kevin. Perhaps you can take advantage of
us...use us as a sex dummy... I mean, you know, to show the boys how it
works."

"That's a great idea. Take your pants off Tyrone. By the way, your harness
is looking so hot on you this morning."  Kevin tells him.

"David" Kevin speaks sternly to David," I didn't tell you to stop. You stop
when I tell you to stop!" Kevin tells the boy.

"Yeah, Hank thinks that he knows the perfect place here to get a pair of
sexy leather shorts, maybe like yours." Tyrone tells Kevin"

"I know a great tailor back home that can make you some, if you can't find
any here," Kevin says.

"Okay, Kevin, tell me how you want me." Tyrone says.

"I want you to get up as close to the headboard as you can, face down. Pull
your knees up past your waist, Hold your butt open, pull your glutes
apart. That's good. Now, David, get your face up here next to mine. Keep
watching." Kevin put's his face up to Tyrone's butt hole and licks. He
lick's all over and around the rose bud. "Mmm, really good and really
tasty." Kevin says to David. "Come here... put your face into it. Take your
tongue. Make that the spearhead. Lick his hole. Spit on it. That mixes your
scent with his scent. Now spread it around with your tongue... all over his
hole. You can use your fingers to push in a little bit. Now listen for his
reaction," Kevin whispers into David's ear. As Kevin speaks, he is
dominating David from behind, Kevin's fingers rubbing along David's naked
butt crack.

Tyrone grunts his approval to proceed. David understands and proceeds to
open Tyrone's hole with his tongue and fingers. "Really push your tongue
forcefully as your fingers separate the ass muscles. Your tongue is like
your dick right now. Fuck him with it. Go as deep and you can get"

"Okay men... all of you. Watch this. David, roll over on your back, Tyrone,
you get up on your knees and turn towards David's feet. I want you to sit
down SLOWLY on David's face. Spread your ass. David, you have to learn to
take breaths slowly. Okay, David, Tyrone is going to sit on your face and
your tongue is going straight up his ass. Now work that tongue all over and
in his ass.  Anton, you go take a shower, and I will follow you in shortly.

Kevin straddles David's waist as Kevin grabs Tyrones' face with his right
hand behind Tyrone's head and kisses him deeply, as he whispers into
Tyrone's ear, "Thanks for letting all of this happen. And, by the way, your
ass tastes wonderful."

Tyrone whispers back, "Yeah, I'm loving this too."

Kevin instructs Deke that he will service Hank's butthole too when he
returns. "I'm gonna go jump in the shower."

"Anton, after you dry off, go out and make sure Deke does what he's told. I
told him to service Hanks' butthole when he gets back with the coffee, and
I'll be right out."

"I really need coffee this morning." Anton complains

Hank walks in with a cardboard tray of full coffee cups, all as Kevin had
ordered. Hank was relieved to be able to put it down. "I see you got a
little involved there," Hank says to Tyrone.

And then he leans down to David, whose tongue is inside of Tyrone's
hole. "How does that taste? My tongue was up there most of the night. I
really liked it," Hank said just loudly enough for everyone to hear. "Who
wants coffee?" Hank asked everyone.

Tyrone was pretty torn. He really wanted his coffee, but didn't really want
to give up the Service he was getting. "David, you want to stop for some
coffee," Tyrone asked David. "No," David's muffled voice said. Hank and
Tyrone laughed out loud. "David. I'm gonna turn over now."

Tyrone got up enough to roll over and sit up against a pillow and spread
his butthole open enough for David. "Okay, you can continue now." David
found Tyrone's hole like a baby piggy finds his mother's teat and keeps on
sucking on it.

"That's fantastic," Hank said to Tyrone. "I want one of those." Everybody
in the room chuckled. They all want one of those.

Anton walks back in, still naked, newly toweled off. "Hank, you have one
waiting for you. Drop your pants."

"Deke, I need for you to eat this man's beautiful butt hole just like your
brother is doing.. Hank, sit up against the headboard and a pillow and
spread your butt for this guy. He's gonna service your hole, aren't ya
buddy? Get on your back. Good boy. Reach up in there with your
tongue. That's it. You like that?" Anton says.... And Deke says `uh huh'
"Taste all of it," When you're done we're all going to wash up and go to
breakfast when you boys are done. Don't worry, we'll do more later, okay?"

Anton tells Hank that the coffee is good. A couple of minutes later, Kevin
is out from the shower and Tyrone's and Hank's buttholes are very
happy. "That was so good, David. Thank you," Tyrone told the boy.

"I never did that before last night. Did I do good?" David Asks
Tyrone. "you did... that was great." Tyrone tells him. "You go get cleaned
up. I'm gonna take us out for Breakfast.

Kevin comes out, getting the gist of the progress, he gets dressed for
Breakfast. "Did you boys taste that coffee that Hank brought you?"

They hadn't yet, having been busy when he came in. "Try it. Yours is the
one with the most milk in it. See if you like it. I only asked for one
because you guys have never tasted coffee before. I asked for lots of milk
and sugar so that it wouldn't be so disgusting. Coffee is an acquired
taste." Kevin says. "But if you like it, we can get you one at breakfast."

" It's Sunday," says Tyrone. "Let's just get ready for the fair and we'll
go downstairs and wander around until we find a place for breakfast."

They all get dressed and exactly what they had on yesterday except Tyrone
is wearing shorts that are not leather, and he wants some leather shorts.

As Kevin picks up his shorts from on top of his duffel bag, he sniffs his
leather shorts on the inside to see if they're gross yet. And like a junior
high school boy takes his shorts and stuffs them right under Anton's nose
and says, "I don't know do you think these are minty fresh?"

Anton: "they are definitely not minty fresh, but I like it more. It does
smell like your balls, though."

Kevin asked the boys if they're ready to go out for breakfast and once
again the boys remind them: "yeah but we don't have any money, remember? "

Kevin looked up at Anton who was just finishing getting into his harness,
with pleading eyes. "How do I answer that?"

"we're buying your breakfast." Anton told the boys. "Do you have any plans
for the day?"

"We don't have any plans for any days. We don't even know where we're going
to live when we get back to Utah," Deke told the men.

"Let's talk about that over breakfast," Tyrone said. The 6 men wandered
down the street looking for a place to grab breakfast. They found a good
little diner with menu choices plastered to the inside of the huge glass
windows. They put their name on a list and were surprised when a hot young
wirey guy wearing a baseball cap and a dingy apron came out to ask the men
if he could bring them some coffee. All 5 said YES emphatically, even the
twins who'd only tasted coffee one hour prior.

"I'm kinda surprised that you like coffee so much." Kevin comments

"I'm not sure that I do yet, but I like how I feel from it." Deke tells
Kevin.

Anton can't stop staring at the coffee boy, "did you check him out?" Anton
says to Kevin.

" looks pretty scruffy at first, but when I took a second look at it, I
realized he's only wearing a jockstrap underneath that apron. He's got his
curley hair tucked under his baseball cap and he's really Muscly.... and
Look, no tan line. What a great fucking ass," comments, Kevin "let's figure
him out."

" ... and how good are you boys with fixing things? And maybe cleaning up
things?" Tyrone quizzes the twins.

Deke tells Tyrone that their dad was a carpenter and used to teach them how
to make things and fix things until he decided that they were queer and
didn't want to have them around anymore. David adds that they loved making
stuff and if they miss it.

Anton and Kevin are watching Tyrone glow as these boys express their desire
to be productive. "When are you boys planning to drive back to Utah?"
Tyrone asks.

"We were going to leave this morning until we met you guys. We couldn't
afford to stay here and it's really difficult sleeping in Gran's car. Would
it be OK for us to kinda caravan with you back to our Gran's house?" David
asks.

"You know what boys, I have a proposal for you. Would you guys like to come
up to my place for a few weeks? You can stay with me. I need some things
done at my house and that would give us a chance to figure out what your
options might be?"

"That would be so cool," Deke says.

"Yeah. thank you. Could we still do sex stuff?" Asks David

"Ya know, I'm going to have to discuss that with my new buddy, Hank. We'll
see what he thinks."

Hank just smirks at Tyrone and shrugs his shoulders. He doesn't really have
an answer yet.

"I need to tell you boys that I am in the army. I am an officer. I have a
house that is off Base. But my house is close to the base. These guys,"
Tyrone points to Anton and Kevin, "they live on the army base."

" ...does that mean that you want us to be in the army?" Deke asks frowning
a bit

"No. I won't force you to do anything like that or even sex. But I would
like to introduce you to the military base just to see what you think of
it. You won't be obligated to join the army." Tyrone tells them.

Anton leans over to Tyrone and softly says "do you want to expose him to
the boys at the house? They certainly seem to really like `to do sex stuff'
don't they? Kevin and I could introduce them to the boys, if you wanted."

 " I'm not sure that can be our main purpose with these guys... I think we
need to be thinking about their future more than anything else. We
certainly are exposing them to the world, even now. I mean, they got here
on their own because they wanted to be here. Because they were drawn to
it. But I think that, we need to open their eyes up to other opportunities
as well." Tyrone tells Anton, with Kevin including himself in the
conversation.

The six men get seated inside the restaurant, they are all pretty darn
hungry and it takes no time at all to order. "Coffees for everyone. Please
bring some cream and sweeteners," Kevin orders. And when the coffee gets
delivered, he takes the time to coach them to taste the coffee black to see
if they like it before they fill their cups up with cream and sugar. It
turns out the boys are excited about their coffees, since they've been
deprived of anything with caffeine, their whole lives. But, in the end,
they like the coffee better with cream and sugar.

"Our plan is to be here all day at the fair and then leave for Utah at the
crack of dawn," Tyrone says to the group. "But we can also leave anytime
today as well if that's what everybody wants. "

Kevin tells them all that though he's had a good deal of fun, he could
leave when everybody else wants to. Anton goes along with that, since most
of his fun has been in their own Hotel room. "But I really like the
atmosphere here," Kevin adds.

Tyrone looks at Hank and ask what he wants to do. "I'd love to follow you
home like a puppy, but I don't know what you want me to do, Tyrone."

"I think the big question is how much time do you have before you get back
to work" Tyrone asks.

"Depends on the mode of travel." Hank considers. "I have to get back home
to work in a few days. Maybe I could fly up there and hang out with you
like Wednesday through Sunday."

"Sounds pretty good to me. We can pick you up at the airport, we're pretty
good at that." Tyrone tells Hank, but glancing at Anton with a sly smile.

"And boys, I'm assuming that your car is in good shape. I propose," Tyrone
continues, "that we follow you back to your grandma`s house, drop off her
car and then you'll ride with us for the rest of the way. Besides, your
grandma needs to meet us."

" oh, that sounds so cool. Gran will be so happy to meet you," David
states. "She's worried that we don't have any friends."

"Her car is an old Chevy, but it's in pretty good shape. We're pretty good
drivers, but if we do this, then we won't have a car when we get up to your
place. is that Okay?" Deke asks.

" I have a personal car that I don't use very often. Sometimes you might
have to drive me to work, but we'll figure this out." Tyrone tells them.

" how long will you want us to stay? I mean, is this like for a few weeks
or what?" Deke asks

"Boys, I'm not gonna throw you out if that's what you're worried about.
You're gonna work for me and get exposed to more of the world and you're
your life will improve.  it's going to depend on what you want. But
everybody here at this table wants you guys have a good life. You're gonna
be responsible for yourselves, for the most part, and I'm hoping to
introduce you to some things that you don't maybe already know about."
Tyrone says.

"You guys have already introduced us to everything that we like," Deke
says. " but would it be okay if once in a while we borrow your car so we
can go visit our Gran?"

David adds, " she really loves us, but I don't think she knows how to take
care of us."

Kevin chimes in," you guys don't need to be taken care of. You're adults
now. You have to be able to know how to take care of yourselves. You just
need to be exposed to the world. I think we can help you with that."

"We know we can't go back to our family, and we don't want to be a burden
to our Gran. But we've always been protected by our family. They didn't
ever want us to experience anything else. We know what we want. But we're
not quite ready yet," says Deke.

"We really like the sex stuff. Can we keep doing that?" David questions.

"We can, David, but when we get home we will have business obligations that
will likely have priority. So, we can't promise when." Anton tells
them. "We're going to show you around the area. By the way, do you have
Utah State Driver's Licenses?"

Tyrone asks, "what do you suppose you're best at doing? Carpentry?
Painting? Maintenance? Cleaning? What do you like doing most?"

"We like to do Carpentry, but we're novices at it," David
explains. "Cleaning is okay. We can do painting. We like doing Blow Jobs
the most."

Tyrone shoots a look over at Anton and Kevin. Anton raises his eyebrows in
surprise. Kevin says, "That's my boy!" And then they all laughed out loud,
included the Twins.

After breakfast, Hank takes Tyrone over to the booth of his favorite
leather/store where they make custom adjustments. They don't typically do
fittings at these street fairs, but they're gonna make an exception for
their friend because he's bought lots of goodies there before and they know
him. "This is my new friend.. He's leaving tomorrow. Is there anyway we can
make some custom shorts out of something off the rack?"

"we don't do that, as a practice. But I appreciate all the business that
you've given us in the past, and I'll make an exception. Come around here
and let's see what we can do." the men step around behind the tables of
clothes into the curtained off area in the center of the large booth. "I'm
gonna need for you to try these on. Most of the boys who buy these don't
wear any underwear under a leather short like this. So, let's take those
pants off and will take some measurements. Tyrone kind of looks at Hank
with a troubled look on his face as he drops his street shorts. His dick,
just a tiny bit hard, falls down almost to his knee and Scooter, the floor
manager on duty, sees what's hanging in front of him and attempts to take
it in stride. It is common practice for the men at the store to work with
their naked customers in front of others staff coworkers so that they can
tease them. Nobody else was behind the curtain until Tyrone removed his
pants, and then, a couple of coworkers walked through as if they were
looking for a particular size garment for customer. Their eyes got huge
when they saw Tyrone's giant dick on display.  In effect, scooter knew that
he had won the big dick trophy for the day because there were
witnesses. And when he got down on his knees to begin the fitting process,
he certainly found two or three different ways to move Tyrone's dick around
as though if he were trying to hide it when, in truth, he was just being an
opportunist. Tyrone was semi used to this sort of reaction. Hank, his new
buddy brought him to the stand, was really enjoying Tyrone`s discomfort. He
couldn't stop smiling and broke out into laughs a couple of times.

At the end of the 20 minute fitting Hank asked Scooter if the shorts could
be ready in an hour. Scooter agreed. They worked on the shorts and got them
ready. But scooter told everybody else working in the booth about the very
large cock he was going to have to build a hidden pouch for. Nobody
believed him, and yet their curiosity had been more than piqued. When
Tyrone returned for his fitting, there were 6 employees and the store owner
that all wanted to watch. The store owner is also the store
photographer. He offered Tyrone all kinds of free clothes and toys if he
would model for him. Clearly, Tyrone was complemented, but needed to refuse
the offer.

Hank was very appreciative of Scooter's Quick turnaround and tipped him an
extra 20 bucks. He also paid for Tyrone`s sexy shorts. And both of them men
were really pleased about how awesome they looked on the large black Army
Sergeant. As the men proceeded to walk from booth to booth, parading,
hand-in-hand, they drew admirers in their wake. They met up with Kevin and
Anton in front of their favored landmark bar, `The Hole In The Door'. Now,
each of the men were dressed in their own favorite style of kinky
leatherwear including all 4 fit guys in bulldog harnesses looking like the
leather posse they had all secretly wanted to be part of. Only Hank didn't
have his black boots, he forgot his boots a home. The twins don't have any
leather stuff yet, so they stood and admired their new friends.

"I think I hear a Margarita calling my name," Anton stated firmly.

"Agreed," added Hank. "Let's go find a place where we can take these boys
in. You good with that Tyrone?"

"I am." Tyrone nods.

Kevin sidles up to Tyrone to whisper in his ear. "You remember what this
place is, right?"

"Of course. It's the piss bar, right?" Tyrone asks.

"Yup. I was actually hoping to go in there with you at some point this
weekend. I understand that you've got a buddy now, but you think Hank might
be interested in checking the place out? Kevin asks.

"I'll ask him. I'm guessing that if we are all going in, that he'll go
too." Tyrone conjectured.

Kevin suggests that the twins look so young that they probably would get
carded. Tyrone: "I agree."

As the posse continues to wander through the Dore Alley Street Fair, they
find a little sidewalk cantina that has margaritas and chips and
salsa. "I'm certain this is where my name was being called out, Let's check
it out." Anton advises." I'm pretty sure that good salsa is against the law
in Utah."

The men are inside, pulling out chairs and reading menus. "Let's find
something the boys can order. What kind of stuff do you like to drink?"
Anton asks, Deke. "Have you ever had a coke?

"No, we started to the other day at MacDonald's but we were trying to spend
the least money, so we drank water." Deke reasoned.

When the waitress came around to take their order, Hank orders, "Four
Margaritas and two cokes for these guys and a couple of baskets of corn
chips and salsa."

The waitress asks, "Mild or Hot?"

Kevin says, "Hot or mild what?

The waitress blankly says "de Salsa"

Hank steps in, "don't mind him. He lives in Utah. He doesn't even know what
salsa is, for god sake."

When the drinks arrive, the margaritas looked pretty festive with salt
around the rims and a little squeeze of lime over ice. "Can we get one of
those?" Asks David.

"No, but I'll give you a sip of mine," Anton offers the third forbidden
drink of the day. First coffee, then coke and now tequila.

"Have you ever tasted Tequila before?" Tyrone asks. The answer was a
predictable "NO".

Not so slowly, the conversation shifted when Deke, staring out at the
parade of passersbys, commented on "All the kink costumes and all the queer
men."

Hank immediately retorted "Couldn't put Humpty together again." Tyrone
chuckled. The Twins didn't understand what Hank said and Anton put his
hands on his face, and silently laughed into them.


New Chapter shortly....

---

Untitled (Chapter 30)

Date: Sun, 4 May 2025 07:23:44 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 30

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you think of the story.


Kevin Jones - New Orders 30


Day 16		1130


Our men gather in the Hotel Room of Alex, Hank & Ollie. Though these three
have been to Dore and Folsom previously, Anton, Kevin and Tyrone have never
been. Only seen the pictures on line. Kevin is practically squeaking with
excitement, eager to get to the street fair, only one block away. "Kevin,
have you ever been to this event before?" Ollie asks

"Nope. I can't wait to get down there." Kevin responds

"Today you're wearing a collar and a leash" Ollie points out.

"I am. I want Anton to be able to control me for a least a little while. I
guess I'm worried about being kidnapped." Kevin says with a big smile.

"Or maybe hoping to be?" Alex asked

"Maybe." Kevin says.

The men walk out onto the street. Kevin is a little nervous at how far they
might have to walk out in the vulnerable area before they get to Dore
Alley. Tyrone is a little weary as well. Their concerns are quickly
dispelled when they see many guys and way more outlandish leather and
rubber wear than they have on. It hits Kevin that he feels as though he's
wearing a suit and tie by comparison to many of these men, several who are
even completely naked. It didn't stun him at first because he lives in a
house of naked men (who are much better looking than some of these naked
guys on the street. Kevin almost immediately sees a guy sitting on the
curb, naked and wet with a sign that says "human urinal". An attendee walks
up to the human urinal and pisses on his face. The man opens his mouth but
not necessarily to drink any. Kevin, though completely into piss these
days, is slightly taken aback by this. Kevin thinks says to Anton, "why
would anyone want to sit on a curb and get pissed on in public? I mean, he
can do anything he wants, but why not at least take a drink, you know?"

Anton replies, "Kevin, almost anything goes here. You'll see that there are
lots of men here who simply want to do shit in public just to shock you. I
really can't tell you why some people's kinks seem so awful and why I'm so
attracted to other kinks. I can't explain it. But I love to watch it
all. For instance... see that guy over there with a harness and no
pants. He looks pretty sexy to me. He's basically managing his hard dick so
that it looks good to a couple of sub guys who have his body in their
sights. The naked guy is standing there talking with a buddy. Watch the guy
that's coming up to him now. He's a sub. He's asking the guy if it's okay
for him to suck that guys cock. He says `sure' and the sub goes right down
to his knees right there in the middle of the street to suck the guys
cock. The sub get's the man's cock very hard and a friend of his snaps a
picture of him sucking on his phone. As soon as the guy is fully hard, he
stands up and says `thanks' and walks away to find another man. He's gonna
get pics with a few dozen men. The naked guy keep is dick hard for the next
guy who wants to suck him."

"How do you know this, Anton?" Kevin asks.

"I'm just observing. It doesn't take long to figure it out, leash boy. Want
to see how humiliating it is for lots of people to stand around watching
you suck dick in public?" Anton asks.

"Sure, you mean you... now? Kevin asks

"Why not, you're already on my leash. I'm ready." Anton tells him.

Kevin goes right down on his knees and digs for Anton's big cock in his
jock. Anton's dick springs up to meet Kevin's mouth. It seems that Kevin
very quickly realizes how much he likes entertainning the crowd as much as
Anton. He actually enjoyed guys snapping pictures of him with Anton's big
dick in his mouth, he even thought to ask if he could see the pictures, but
the photographer moved on before he could ask. In a way he felt like he was
participating in a circus act until he let his sub side take over. Once
that happened Kevin fell into the role of the good sub boy sucking his
master's cock. That's a place he really enjoyed being. Soon, he was going
for the gold. A number of guys standing around commented to Anton about his
beautiful boy and how lucky he was to have such a beautiful boy on his
leash.

Anton asked this one particular stud that he was talking with, as Kevin
continued to service him, what he liked about the boy. Anton was enjoying
Kevin's service while he completely ignored him, part of the
humiliation. Stuart introduced himself to Anton. Kevin now listening to the
conversation between the men. "He's very attentive. I love how he is paying
attention to his master. He's quite beautiful. His muscles are almost
exactly how I'd want my boy to look if I had one. It makes my dick hard
just to watch him suck your cock, which is also quite nice."

"Show me your dick," Anton says to Stuart. Stuart pulls out his hard dick
to show Anton, but a number of watchers are paying attention to the scene.

Anton reaches for Stuart's mostly hard cock and give the stranger's fat
penis a few strokes. Stuart says "STOP, I can't do this. I have to piss
really bad."

Anton says, "Kevin stop sucking my cock. Stuart here has to piss."

Kevin leans forward and opens his mouth. "Kevin will be your urinal," Anton
tells Stuart.

Stuart pees for almost two minutes. When he's done, Anton says to Kevin,
"what do you say to the nice man, Kevin?"

"Thank you sir." and then Kevin lets out a long belch.

Stuart looked at Anton and said, "You've trained him well. I wish I owned a
boy like that."

Anton gently yanked on Kevin's collar. Kevin stood up and they both had a
little chuckle. "But that was fun. Thanks for that." Kevin told Anton.

"Want to take a walk around for awhile. See what's going on? Anton asked.

"Sure. But let's lose the leash, okay?" Kevin suggested.

Hank and Tyrone are strolling through the crowd, kind of lording over the
little people it seemed to Kevin when he saw them. These two men stood
several inches above the crowd, easy to spot.

When Kevin and Anton caught up with them they were in the thick of the
crowd, making their way to the Mr. S booth, which had a display of toys and
fetish clothing. Tyrone was focused on finding some leather shorts. Hank
was more focused on things like harnesses and large thick arm straps with
buckles that wud accentuate his large biceps. It was good bonding for these
two men to shop for some kink items together. As Hank would find something
potentially interesting to Tyrone he would show him and discuss the item,
learning not only how Tyrone thinks, but perhaps what it might be like in
the further process of getting to know the other... each of these two men
imagining what it might be like to incorporate the other into their lives
away from the kink filled Dore Alley festival.  `Living in two different
cities might be complicated... but how will we know?' Hank thought to
himself. Suddenly Hank was overwhelmed at the thought of letting this
opportunity pass. He stepped closer to his new buddy and put his arms
around him. Whispered in Tyrone's ear, " I'm loving getting to know you."

Tyrone's smile slowly blossomed across his face, "me too. I've been
thinking, I'd like to continue to hang out with you here at the street fair
for a bit, maybe get something to eat, and then maybe hit the Eagle again
and then go back to your room... if you're into that."

"I guess we're probably thinking the same, then. I'll do whatever you
want." Hank says.

Tyrone warns him, "you'd better be careful what you wish for."

Kevin tells Anton that he's going to go see what's going on between all
those tents on the backside of the booths. "It seems like that dressing
room, or something. I'm gonna go peek inside. I'll see you in a bit. If I
don't find you, meet me in front of the `Hole in the Wall' Bar at 2,
okay. Anton agrees.

Immediately when Kevin leaves Anton's side, a couple of sub boys walk up to
him and start up a conversation. "Are you here with that boy?" One of them
asks.

Anton smiles and tells him that they drove here together but that they're
"...good friends, but not boy friends."

"We are boyfriends, but we're both sub boys and we find guys that we can
play with together. We think you're really crazy hot. We saw that guy
sucking your big dick and we think that we'd really have fun servicing you,
if you'd let us." The two boys tell Anton.

"Okay, first, what are your names? I'm Anton"

"Deke and David. We're twins"

"How old are you two" Anton asks.

"We're 18."

"And what do you have in mind?

"If you have a hotel room we could go there with you and show you all the
stuff we want to do."

"I think you're gonna have to be more specific than that. What if I'm not
into what you want to do?" Anton tells the boys.

"Mostly sucking your cock and balls and licking you all over. We do it with
each other but this is the first time we've ever found a man that we both
like. We were really flabbergasted when we saw you `cause you're the guy
we've been dreaming about. We both knew it immediately... and then we saw
that guy sucking your cock in public and we both knew."

Tyrone tells them, "Okay, one last time, tell me specifically what you want
to see happen in my hotel room once we get there. I don't want to waste my
time here, you know."

Anton kind of humiliated the boys who were then that much more
interested. "Please sir, we really need to do this with a man. We're only
going to make you feel really good, sir. We won't hurt you." The Boys tell
Anton.

"What's your biggest fantasy?" Anton asks

"Um, getting tied up and spanked. I think." Deke said

"We have so many fantasies. We talk about them all the time. Please sir, at
least let us suck your dick, sir. Please?" David adds.

I'll tell you what, I want both of you to suck on my cock right here, right
now. If you do a really good job we can go back to my hotel room for
awhile" Anton challenges the boys.

The boys look at each other with a really astonished look on their faces,
and then back at their chosen adult. "...um, okay, I guess," David
answers. And the boys get on their knees. Anton fishes his pendulous penis
and balls away from his jock and holds the entire package out for display
to Deke and David, both really surprised by the size up close like this.

"Let's go boys. Make it hard." The boys kind of didn't know where to start
until Anton directed them. "Put it in your mouth. Lick my balls. Suck my
dick... do something."

The youngsters had sucked each other's cocks many times, but the size of
Anton's junk was mesmerizing to the boys. "Get it in your mouths" and they
took it. Both boys really went to town on the big dick, forgetting that
they were still in public, on the street. One sucking the stalk and the
other the head of Anton's large unit. Deke couldn't stop sucking on the
head, David dropping down to lick and smell Anton's big balls. They worked
on the big man for 4 or 5 minutes and had gotten the object of their desire
up to Full Staff... when Anton says, "Okay, that's enough. Follow me." They
marched off to the hotel room only 1 1/2 blocks away, with the two boys
following Anton like 2 baby ducklings following their mother.

Once in the room, Anton orders, "Okay, strip. I want you fully naked." The
boys weren't wearing much, but they couldn't get their clothes off quick
enough. "Now, strip me." Anton ordered. And they did. Deke unbuckled
Anton's chaps and boots.

David asked Anton if it was okay to leave his harness on. "It looks so
masculine... we want you to be our sex god."

Anton sat on the chair and the boys didn't hesitate to begin performing
their fantasy tongue bath of their new `sex god'. David stood up while Deke
began to suck the head of the large penis. David sweetly asking Anton, "May
I kiss you? I mean like a real kiss. I need to kiss a real man."

Anton grabbed David's head firmly and slowly pulled his head toward him,
David looking directly at Anton in his eyes and for the first time, kissed
the young man firmly on the lips, slowly introducing his tongue into Davids
mouth, neither David nor Anton dropping their firm gaze. David's 6 1/2 inch
cock fully inflated during that kiss. They slowly separated. "Wow. That was
brilliant. Deke, you gotta kiss him. Stand up."

Deke didn't want to let the big prize out of his mouth, but did as David
counseled him. "May I kiss you sir?" Deke asked.

"Oh yes, you can. I hope you're as good as your brother." Anton tells
him. He was, indeed, as good as his brother. And David began to suck
Anton's big dick. And David was just as good as Deke was at sucking on the
big unit.

The two boys jumped up and joyously kissed each other. "This is so great."
The boys felt validated for the first time other. They had only had each
other since they were little kids, they explained to Anton. "We've always
wanted a big brother to play with. And we found you. You're so awesome."

The boys went back to work on Anton. "David, let's lick his nipples next."
The boys each began to lick and suck all over Anton's chest, each boy
landing on a nipple, sucking and licking at it, reinvigorating Anton's
hardness. Deke pushed Anton back on the bed and David went to his balls and
started to service them, licking and fondling them, taking each one into
his mouth, one at a time. "Deke, help me with this. I can't fit them both
in my mouth." David went back to taking one large testicle into his mouth
and Deke took the other into his mouth. Both boys roughly servicing Anton's
sack. Anton was in heaven. Nobody had ever been able to do that.

Anton told the boys, "That's incredible. Don't Stop." Deke kept
sucking. David went for Anton's taint. Kissing and licking.

David tells his brother, "Deke, his asshole smells so good." "Sir, may I
lick your asshole?"

"Of course." Anton tells David. "I intend to taste yours in a few minutes
as well."

As David begins to spread his tongue all over Anton's hole, Anton asks, "I
imagine that you boys have fucked each other." Neither boy answers. "That's
a question."

After a moment David answers, "Sir, we've tried but we're both subs. We've
used a couple of dildos and we like having something in our butts but we
really need a real dick to fuck us. We know that will be great. Would you
fuck us?"

"Why don't you stand up. Face away from me. Bend over, spread your cheeks."
Anton directs David.

The boys panic a bit. "Sir, we're virgins. We've never been fucked. Can we
talk about it first?"

Anton says, "I'm not thinking that I'm going to stick my dick your butts
right now, but I want to see what you can take. I expect that my dick is
way too big for your now. Do you guys eat each other's asses. Do you know
how to clean out?"

"We kind of do, but we could probably use a lesson. Yes, we like to play
with each other's holes... a lot."

"Okay, so I'm gonna spit on your hole David. And then I'm gonna stick my
finger inside."

Before David agrees, Anton pulls the boys glutes apart and spits on his
hole. Rubs it around and inserts his middle finger. "Okay. Don't move for a
minute," David tells him. Anton lets him get used to his finger. But then
starts to pull out just a little. "Okay, go ahead." Anton starts to search
for the boys prostate to see if he can get the boy to open wider. In, out,
in around and suddenly BINGO. Anton found the button and started to trip it
a few times. The Boys ass was abuzz. "That's fantastic," David says while
catching his breath.

"That's your prostate. You guys should play with that a little. Like with
your toys." Anton tells them. "My dick would probably rip your holes. You
need to get somebody with a smaller dick to fuck you. There's lots of men
outside that could help you. But I need for you two to finish servicing my
cock... if you still want to.

"Oh absolutely," says Deke. The boys proceed to complete their promise.

While the twins suck and lick between Anton's legs, Anton asks. "Where are
you from?"

"We are from Utah. Our parents threw us out because they don't like
gays. We live with our Grandma in Provo, Utah." Deke tells Anton.

"Let me guess... your parents are Mormon." Anton says

David pulls his mouth off Anton's cock and says "Yeah, how did you know
that?"

"Just a good guess. I live in Utah too," Anton tells the boys. "What are
you planning to do with your lives, boys?

"We don't know. We want to be together. We'd love to have a Dom." The boys
tell Anton.

"After you get some cum out of my dick, we'll exchange contact
information. Maybe I can get to know you more in Utah." The twins look at
one another as though they won a prize.

The boys continue to work Anton's cock to produce an orgasm. It happens
more easily when two mouths are sucking to make Anton shoot his load. When
he shoots, Deke and David begin to kiss in order to share the bounty. "That
tastes so good. Thank you sir."

"Where are you staying?"

 "We're sleeping in our Gran's car." Deke tells him.

"I want you guys to come back this evening. You can shower in our hotel
room, okay?"

The three men exchange information and walk back to fair together, Anton
buys soft drinks for all three of them.

Kevin got lost behind the tent/dressing room and in an effort to get back
out to the street fair, accidentally finds himself in the dressing and
staging area. Nobody stopped him. He wandered around a bit, found a couple
of porn actors getting dressed. These two almost fully naked, hot as fuck
porn boys had been hanging out in the Falcon booth for a few hours each so
that customers could come by and get their pictures taken with them. The
two porn stars standing there talking to each other, Kevin walks over to
the one he'd seen the most and simply got down on his knees in front of the
star and said, "May I suck your cock?" The porn star nods to him without
stopping his conversation with the other. Kevin takes the good sized piece
into his mouth and sucks and licks and services the star's dick in very
subservient fashion. When it got serious and the porn star was standing up
very straight and on the threshold of shooting cum, he grabbed his own dick
and stroked it ten times or so, and then stuck it back into Kevin's mouth,
spilling a good sized load into Kevin's very satisfied mouth. "Thank you
sir. Thanks for lunch," Kevin said smiling. The porn star chucked and held
his dick out for Kevin to lick the drop of cum on the tip of this piss
slit. "Yum," Kevin said and got up and walked away, not allowing himself to
attempt to engage in conversation with the man. After all, he got exactly
what he wanted. So did the porn star.

Kevin realized that he needed to unload the load of piss Anton had guided
Stuart into feeding him earlier. He decided to find a port-a-potty to piss
it out. It was a lot and it was starting to make his bladder uncomfortable.

He saw a long line of port-a-potties out in back of the food booths, but
with an equally long line of men waiting to use the facilities. He stood in
line for a long while, noticing that some people were taking a very long
time to use the toilets. Some were men, a few were females, or maybe they
weren't females. After a day a day of looking at some extremely hot men, he
was impressed that there were some not so hot men and some that were
wearing such odd costumes that he didn't even know what to think. They
might have represented some kind of kink, but weren't necessarily sexy, at
least to him.

He noticed one such character had entered the toilet at the head of the
line he was standing in. None of the lines were advancing quickly, but the
line he was in was taking for fucking ever. But he had to pee and he didn't
want to lose his place in line. The very big Alpha guy in front of him in
line was shifting his weight from one foot to the other. And a moment later
he was grabbing his balls and pinching. He had to piss so bad. "You okay?"
Kevin asked.

No. I really have to piss bad. Plus I've got a date with a really hot guy
in five minutes. I have to show up."

"Oh fuck, I'm sorry." Said Kevin.

"Yeah, we've only met on-line. If I don't show up I'll never be able to
meet him. Can you do me a favor?"

"Sure, what's that?" Kevin asked.

"Just take my piss so I can leave. You're going to be in the toilet in a
few minutes anyway. I need you to be a buddy." the Alpha says

Kevin thinks the man is very hot and would likely have done almost anything
for him anyway, but here he is begging Kevin to drink his piss. What could
possibly be better? Kevin gets down on his knees in front of the hot Alpha
and opens his mouth. The Alpha pisses a huge load down Kevin's throat,
which Kevin takes very happily, not giving any thought that there are about
130 men standing behind him watching him takes this guy's piss load. When
Alpha guy finishes and zips up, he leans over, helps Kevin stand up and
gives him a big kiss on the lips. The crowd breaks into applause and
cheers, all of these men wanting to do the very same thing, using Kevin as
their urinal.

Finally, the first in line, Kevin was hugely relieved to see the door to
the port-a-potty open. He ran into the toilet to expel his bounty. He'd do
it all again if he could.

A couple of guys in line called out to Kevin as he walked past them. But it
was getting to be close to 3 and he needed to meet Anton at the Hole in the
Wall, as he promised.

On the walk over to meet Anton, Kevin grabbed a bottle of water. He'd love
to have a beer but he doesn't want to get to loaded up on alcohol before
everybody else. `Plus, you know, the ID issue,' Kevin thought. `Having a
drivers license isn't going to solve the 21 Year Old thing.'

Kevin finds Anton in front of the bar. "are you hungry or thirsty?" He asks
Anton.

"Yes." Anton says.

"Okay. Next question: Thirsty for what?"

"I could go for a nice margarita... or a beer," Anton answers

"My guess is that we should hit the Eagle. We'll be early, but it might be
nice to get away from the crowd for a bit." Kevin asks him. "Did you notice
if they sell food at the Eagle?"

"I only saw chips. But we can always get up and go to a restaurant." Anton
tells him.

"I do need something in my stomach." Kevin tells Anton.

"yes, man cannot live on Piss alone." Anton Orates.

Kevin retorts, "that's not fair, I got a healthy load of protein in my
stomach a couple hours ago. And the guy I got it from is a very hot porn
star. I forget his name, but I can show you when we get home."

As they walk toward the Eagle, Anton tells Kevin about the twins he met and
how they wanted a studly guy to fuck them for the first time, but that his
dick is too big for their tight little holes. "And guess what? The boys
live near Salt Lake."

"How old are they?" Kevin asks. "Did they come here just to get fucked?"

Anton says, "Yeah, I kinda think so. They really just want to be exposed to
men, and kink. They're kind of sheltered and unsure, but they work out
their sexual shit on each other because they don't have anyone else. And it
appears that their family are Mormons."

"Oh my god.. Where are they staying? Kevin asks

"Sleeping in their Grandmother's car, and I told them they could come back
to our hotel room this evening a take a shower." Anton informs him.

"What will Tyrone say?" Kevin asks.

"I don't know. But we kind of have to help these kids out I think." Anton
says

Anton and Kevin get close to the Eagle which is kind of Raging for 3:15 in
the afternoon they think. "Kevin says, you go to the bar, I'll find a table
to sit it back along the back wall where we were yesterday. Okay?"

Anton heads for the bar to order a Margarita and a couple of beers. Kevin
gets toward the back and finds Tyrone and Hank kissing at the table. He
doesn't want to interrupt the two big men, but he can't be too far from
where he told Anton he'd be.

After only a couple of minutes, Tyrone sees Kevin sitting by himself and
asks if Anton is with him. "He is. He just went to get some drinks. I can't
believe it's this busy so early. We haven't had anything to eat." Kevin
explains.

Anton comes to the table with drinks. "Oh Jeez, I didn't realize you guys
are here. Are we intruding?"

"No, no, your fine. We've just been out walking around, holding hands. I've
been really happy to have met this guy. We're just taking it easy but we
have a lot in common"

Anton says, "Did you order drinks?"

Tyrone: "not yet, we've sort of been staring into each other's eyes."

"That's cute," Anton exclaims, "would you two teenage love birds like for
me to get you drinks?"

Tyrone chuckles, "Yes, Your margarita looks fabulous." "It does," adds
Hank.

Anton takes the Margarita and slides it over to Tyrone. "I haven't touched
it.. I'll go get 3 more."

"Get me another beer please." Kevin asks.

"you sure? Anton asks.

"I'm sure. If these two combust into flames I might need something to help
extinguish the fire." Kevin says.

"Bring it on little brother," Hank quips.

Tyrone says, "we haven't even discussed our favorite kinks yet."

Hank says "You told us when we first met that you were into everything. Did
you misrepresent that?  I'm into pretty much everything except scat and
women. And I kind of like to play a little rough. You okay with that?" he
asks as he stares directly into Tyrone's eyes.

Tyrone says, "Yup." And then turns to Kevin and says "we've been in fantasy
world with little hearts and birdies flying around our heads. You show up
and immediately bring us back to Rough Sex and Rimming. What is it about
you that causes that?"

Not knowing if he is talking to his friend who might be pulling his leg or
a really pissed off 1st Sergeant, Kevin responds, "well, each of us may
have a different goal here, but we all travelled to San Francisco to
celebrate Kinky sex! So, you two lovebirds do whatever extremely gorgeous
and sexy musclemen do in their mating rituals, just remember to enjoy some
kinky fun. And don't miss out on something that you'll later regret."

"Yeah!" says Hank, looking into Tyrone's eyes.

The giant smile returned to Tyrone's face. "Will your roommates care if we
get nasty in your bed tonight? I'm guessing we won't be able to find a
separate room this late. I do have my own house where we can play... no
roommates, but that's in Utah."

"I actually looked at flights between PHX and Salt Lake City. Every day and
the flights are cheap!" Hank tells Tyrone.

"So, Tyrone.... Kevin is right. What do we want to do that we would never
do at home? I mean, there's lots of naked men out there walking around at
the street fair and we're hanging out in a bar. What kinky thing do you
want to do while we're here?" Hank asks Tyrone.

"Guys.." Tyrone addresses Anton and Kevin. "You walked around the fair
yesterday. What are people doing in the streets? I mean, what are guys
doing here that they can't do at home?

Anton tells them that... "I saw a guy getting tied down and whipped. I saw
a bunch of guys on the edge of having sex. Lots of guys getting blow
jobs. Several men drinking piss with a crowd around them. There was a
really hot bondage demonstration... some of these guys really know how to
tie a knot, you know? I loved watching it all, especially the men in the
middle of the crowd making out. I love it when they play with their
nipples."

"I sucked a couple of guys off in public yesterday..." Kevin reports

"One of them was me," Anton interjects.

Kevin continued..."I drank piss from a couple of guys, one was in line at
the line of public toilets. Lot's of guys watching. That was kind of
thrilling. I sucked off a porn star... "This place strikes me like a
leather fashion show. These guys spend a fortune on their beautiful leather
outfits so that they will get noticed. I'm betting that the night life on a
weekend like this is wild. Maybe we should go to one of the big bars
tonight. Maybe come back here to the Eagle."

"Maybe we shouldn't leave. We might not be able to get back in." Hank adds.

"I have kind of a problem, Tyrone." Anton tells him. "I had sex with a
couple of 18 year olds today and found out that they're sleeping in their
Grandmothers car. I told them that they should come by our room and shower
this evening... so I think I need to be there. But I can call them I
think. I have their number."

"You had sex with an 18 year old?" Tyrone asks

"Actually two 18 year olds. They're twins... They're virgins, they
said... I believe them."

"Do you think it's appropriate to have sex with 18-year olds?" Tyrone asks.

"Yeah, and I had sex with an 18-year-old last week on the base." Anton
answers.

"Who?" Tyrone asks incredulously.

"Him," Anton says pointing at Kevin. "Remember, we celebrated his 19th
Birthday like 4 days ago. Guess what else? They live in Utah... And they're
pretty cute. Anyway, I'll call them and see when they want to come by."

"We kinda can't let them sleep in their Gran's car... can we?" asks Kevin.

"It might be fun to meet them but it's up to you if you want to entertain
them tonight. Hank and I are planning to be busy in his room tonight. Do
you guys want to join us for dinner? " Tyrone asks.

"Sounds good," Kevin responds. Anton agrees.

"Hi. This is Anton... which one of you am I speaking to? Hi Deke, Hey, what
time do you want to come by to shower?  How about 5 or after dinner at
around 8? Okay, see you then. And, Deke, do you have sleeping bags? Just
one? Okay, well you might want to bring it. No, you're right. No, not if it
stinks. No, I'm glad you pointed that out. Thanks... see you at 8."

"Do they have nice bodies?" Kevin asks.

Anton tells him, "yeah but they don't live in our world. They need
socialization. They only have each other and they want to badly to meet men
and learn stuff... Mostly sexual stuff. Their names and Deke and David, by
the way."

Another Chapter coming soon...

---

Untitled (Chapter 31)

Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2025 11:56:56 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 29

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/
All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I'd love to hear what you think of the story.

Kevin Jones - New Orders 29

Day 16. 	0800

 "Last night we talked about hitting the gym before going to Dore. But I
can't imagine that right now. I need coffee before I can think about the
gym. Where do you suppose I can find us some coffee?" Kevin addresses
everyone in the room.

The response from the other 2 men was a muted groan form Anton, and Tyrone
lifted his head from the pillow.

"Tyrone, how do you take your coffee?

"Bless you, my son. With cream, no sugar," Tyrone replies with a little
frog in his throat.

Kevin get's dressed in his skimpy leather shorts and boots and a T-shirt to
go down stairs and search for coffee. He asks the Front Desk Clerk, "Where
can I find coffee?"

"Go down this hallway to the end, into the Bar. We have coffee every
morning there between 6 - 10 for our guests." The clerk tells Kevin. "By
the way, Love those shorts!" Looking back at the clerk, Kevin shoots him a
big smile at him and keeps walking toward the coffee.

Now, in his still pre-coffeed brain, Kevin has to think hard to remember
the combinations of Coffee, Milk, Cream, Sugar, Splenda or black he needs
to return with. `Black for Anton, Cream for Tyrone and Milk and sugar for
me,' Kevin partially mutters the words to himself. Stirs the 2 cups that
need it... and now, Kevin has to master the circus act of carrying 3 cups
of coffee upstairs and then opening the hotel room door. `I could never be
a waiter,' still muttering to himself.

When he gets up the stairs, he figures that he has to knock on the door
rather than juggling the full cups of coffee. He figures that he needs to
knock on the door with the tips of his boots. But nobody responds. Just
then, a very hot man, dressed in jeans, T-shirt and sneakers, emerges from
his room, probably also on a search for coffee, sees Kevin's dilemma and
reaches in front of Kevin to rap on the door. As he passes by Kevin in back
of him, he says, "Hot shorts," and smiles back at him. Kevin says "Thanks,"
just as the door opens. Tyrone taking 2 of the cups.

"This one is yours. Anton's is Black" Kevin says as he swaps cups with the
Sergeant.

"So," Kevin says to his roommates, "I told Alex that we'd call him when we
had a breakfast plan. But do we want to go to breakfast or go find a gym
first? I'm kind of hungry."

"Me too. And a tiny bit hung over." Tyrone says

Kevin quickly retorts, "You should never say 'Tiny' and `Hung' in the same
sentence. It's a misrepresentation... you know, based on my experience."

Anton cracks a chuckle. Tyrone smiles wide. "Okay, I'll never use the word
Tiny again. Sorry.

"Did you guys have fun last night?" Anton asked.

"Yes, absolutely." Tyrone said. "Sexy men and very nice. Hank has a great
body and, so far, he checks all the boxes."

"I had a fun night all around. Thanks for letting me play with the big
boys!" Kevin adds. "I hope we get to play more today."

"My guess is that you'll never be satisfied, Kevin. I think you'll always
want more." Replied Anton

"It's not a question of me being satisfied. The question is are THEY
satisfied. That's my goal." Kevin says.

Tyrone's eyebrows raised when he heard Kevin say that. "Are you saying that
it's not important if you cum or not?"

"No, I love to cum, of course. But I think that how much I cum and how far
I shoot helps my partner feel good about their own ego. It lets my man know
that I really found the scene worthy and that he's a sexy man. I don't know
if that's accurate, but I know that's how I feel when either of you are
shooting a big load. It's your body's statement that I did a good job. I
love that. It feeds my ego in the same way." states Kevin

"Wow... that's a really good point of view, Kevin. I don't think I can
argue with that." Anton says.

"Okay, well, that doesn't answer the question about breakfast. I'm hungry,"
says Kevin

Anton pics up a large printed card on the desk of the room that has some
close restaurants. "I was looking at this yesterday afternoon and there are
a couple of places that look interesting. There's this small bakery on the
next street over. And then there's a larger hotel with a larger restaurant
in the opposite direction. I think that if we wait too long to decide we'll
be standing in line for awhile, do either of these places appeal to you?"
Anton asks Tyrone.

"I actually don't care much which one. I have this disease of always being
hungry. You guys decide." Tyrone states. "But I definitely need more
coffee."

"Let's go to the little bakery place. They have eggs, right? I just want to
walk out the door now, eat and then come back and shower etc. I need to
clean out. I want to go find some hot guys and get fucked." Kevin says

Tyrone answers, "Yeah, I'm pretty sure you will."

The three men, quickly dress and head down to the bakery. Disappointed to
find that there is a small line of men that have the same plan. A moment
later a short but cute blond woman comes outside and offers to put their
names on the waiting list. "But we have immediate seating on our outdoor
patio in the back if you want to sit out there," she offers.

All three agree. "Follow me" and she leads them through the small group of
tables to the back door. As they men take a seat, the hostess leans over
and whispers to Kevin. "I really like your shorts."

All three men ordered the Dore Alley Special: 3 eggs, 1 large sausage link
and a slice of toast. The men discussed their desire not to overeat before
the street fair. They didn't want to get bloated.

"What about working out before the fair?" Kevin asked "Can we find out some
local gyms and work out tonight or Tomorrow? Oh my god, I forgot to call
Alex about going to breakfast. Shit. You know what? I'd like to take 3
bakery things back to their room. I'll bring coffee to them too. I feel
bad. I'm sorry."

"Something tells me, Kevin, that they're going to survive. But I appreciate
your desire to make it better. It's a nice gesture," Tyrone says.

When the waitress comes to the table with their check, Tyrone orders, "...3
pieces of your favorite bakery goods to go, please."

As they left, Kevin commented on a concern: "Do either of you know how to
clean leather shorts?"

"You can sponge off he outside and possibly spray the inside. Some dry
cleaners will know. But I think you might want to find some tight shorts to
wear underneath," answers Anton.

"I kind of like how my balls rest in the shorts, always just barely being
held in place." Kevin says.

"They're very sexy, Kevin. They make your ass look so great," Tyrone tells
him.

"I'm glad to hear that." Kevin smiles "thanks."


KNOCK KNOCK as they stand in front of Alex, Hank and Ollies room. Ollie
answers the door naked. In fact all 3 men are naked and hard. "Oh, it's
you...Come in"

Kevin walks in with 2 coffees, Anton has 1 coffee and 1 cup of milk and
some sugars. Tyrone has a bag of pastries.

Ollie says "fuck, look what they brought. FOOD!"

Alex says, "thank you so much, very considerate. We're so hungry we were
about to eat each other! Want to join us?"

"Who wants a blow job with breakfast?" Kevin asks

Alex raises his hand, "I do"

"Okay, how do you take your coffee, Alex?" Kevin asks

"A little milk and sugar," Alex says as he gently plays with his own
cock. Kevin fixes up his coffee and hands it to him.

"How about you, Hank. How do you like your coffee? Kevin asks.

"Black, like my men," Hank answers, smiling up at Tyrone. Tyrone walked
over the the bed Hank was siting naked on and grabs his shoulder and pushes
him back on the bed with his left hand and grabs the back of Hank's head
with his right and slams his large sexy lips into Hanks face.

"That's very cute... but I hope you're serious." Tyrone tells Hank.

"Yeah. Pretty sure that I am." Says Hank, who couldn't get Tyron's shirt
off fast enough.

"Hey Ollie, I need you to suck Anton's cock. You good with that?" Kevin
asks.

Ollie dropped to his needs in front of Anton and smiled up at him at the
same time Kevin dropped to his knees in front of Alex who was sipping on
his coffee.

"Wow... that was like having the Cavalry come in to save us." Alex said to
Anton.

Anton replied, "you have no idea."

Ollie got Anton's semi inflated cock in his mouth. Ollie was a little
surprised at how much of his cock was left when he took so much of it in
his mouth. He quickly employed both of his hands on Anton's big
shaft. Jacking and sucking it to its full length. As Ollie continued to
stroke Anton's unit, he used his other hand to lift Anton's pendulous balls
up to his mouth. He proceeds to clean them like a good boy, but he's also
performing his funk test, to see if Anton took a shower since last
night. Chances are that he hasn't. If the truth be told, Ollie would prefer
a little funk. He is, after all, a pig. A sub pig. Anton is a pig too, but
with a big ol' Dom cock.

"Coffee's good boy," Alex tells Kevin. "I love your mouth on my dick. You
are very good at this."

Hank tells Tyrone that he's `a catch'. "Aww, thanks. I think we should fill
in some of the blanks, like your last name and where you live. I'll give
you all my stuff too."

"I can't believe that a man with a body like yours and a dick the size of a
football isn't already in a serious relationship. You are definitely
husband material." Hank tells Tyrone.

"I'm sure we can find something wrong, first of all I live in Utah. Where
do you live"? Tyrone responds.

"I live in Phoenix. I travel for business so I have to live close to an
airport. I'm a communications Consultant. I sell mostly large Phone and
computer systems for businesses.

"My unit could certainly use some help in that department. We live very
close to the Stone Age when it comes to communication." Tyrone tells him.

"I'm in the army." Tyrone almost immediately swallows his tongue. He didn't
say anything secret, but he hates starting the `I'm in the military'
conversation because it can go off in so many ways, for no good
reason. `Shit,' he thinks.

"That's cool. I used to be in the army years ago. I actually loved it."
Hank tells him

" Thanks for telling me that. I appreciate it." Tyrone told Hank as he lean
forward and kissed him on the lips. Hank held Tyrone`s head in place and
they continue to kiss for the next 30 seconds, Tyrone, grabbing Hanks good
size dick his hands, and in a few strokes.

"Mmmmmmmm. That feels especially good in your hand." Hank tells
Tyrone. Tyrone does something that he rarely does, he leans over and puts
Hanks dickhead in his mouth and sucks on the head for a couple of moments.

"You typically top or bottom?" Tyrone asks.

Hank answers, "I'm typically more Dom, But I like all of it. I'm definitely
verse, seeing your fabulous body last night definitely made me wanna spread
my legs... Though I'm not absolutely sure that I can take your giant
dick. I'd love to try. What about you?"

"Typically Dom. But I recently discovered that my sub side is still
somewhat needy." Tyrone tells Hank in hushed tones, trying to make sure
that their conversation doesn't become the focus of the room.

"I love what you're telling me. I have a very subby side also
occasionally. One day I'd love to take a few hours to worship your body, if
you'd like that." Hank tells Tyrone.

"I would love that... Hey, do you have plans for the day?" Tyrone asks

"Yes, I'm going to the street fair of course. What are you going to be
doing?" Hank asks with a smirk.

"Would you consider hanging together for a while? We can go look at the men
together. Get lunch, etc. Is that too much... too soon? Tyrone asks

"Not too soon. I'd love to do that with you... on one condition: You suck
my cock before we leave. I'll be too distracted all day if I don't cum
soon. I'll suck your dick too." Hank tells Tyrone. Hank is naked and
hard. Tyrone gets up off the bed and removes his sneakers and pants. His
big dick bobs a bit as it's released from his underwear. "Look at that
spectacular thing. Your whole body is just so perfect. Maybe I should just
worship you right now?" Hank says.

"As long as that includes my dick cumming in your mouth, then yes," Tyrone
kind of jokes. "But right now, it's my turn." With that, Tyrone hulks over
Hanks dick and lifts it into his mouth. He starts to lick it with his heavy
tongue, taking it down his throat, stopping only to taste Hanks musky
balls, giving them a few swipes with his tongue and then gets Hank's cock
into his mouth again.

"Ohhhh fuuuuuuucccckkkk" Hank yells at Tyrone. "I'll give you about an hour
to stop doing that." Tyrone lifts his head off Hanks Pole to smile and
comes up to Hank's face where he smothers his face with a big wet kiss from
his big wet lips, and then goes right back to sucking Hank's 8-inch dick,
now fully erect. Tyrone puts his left hand around Hank's balls and caresses
them. They begin to wake up and lift themselves up into position as if
getting ready to fire. So Tyrone, pinches the loose skin at the bottom of
Hank's nut sack so that they are coaxed back down to an `at ease'
position. Tyrone would like to continue to suck on Hank's very happy cock
as much as Hank wants the same thing.

Anton, getting ready to shoot his morning load into Ollies mouth, and Kevin
still sucking on Alex's cock both recognize what's happening on the next
bed. Neither of them have seen Tyrone suck a cock before. And they both
register in their minds that this is a good thing.

While Ollie continues to slather Anton's stiff junk with his tongue
service, he gets closer and closer to Anton's funky hole. He loves the
taste and continues to jerk Anton excitedly.  Ollie goes after Anton's
butthole, Anton grabs his own cock and keeps stroking. Once Ollie sticks
his tongue up inside the hole and starts to really get into it, Anton Jerks
faster and faster until he almost shoots, tapping Ollie on the shoulder to
pay attention. "I'm gonna cum.." Anton says. Ollie quickly maneuvers back
to Anton's big dick and covers it with his mouth, ready to accept a fat
load down his throat. Nothing would make him happier at this moment. Both
men in fleeting bliss. Anton shoots 6 big ropes into the tall man's
mouth. Ollie taking it all, but swallowing slowly toward the end of the
volley. Not only because of the volume of cum, but because Ollie is
savoring having the load in his mouth. He kind of smacks his lips as he
licks them. He'd love for Anton to share the load, but Anton is a bit
hesitant because Ollie just had his tongue in Anton's unwashed ass. Anton
just couldn't go there. But Ollie had the most important part of the
exchange in his mouth already, still savoring the load as he mashed it with
his tongue.

Kevin was happily sucking off Alex. Alex pretty much wanted this to be an
exchange with the boy. Happy he was getting sucked, but wanting to suck on
Kevin's dick as well. Alex stopped Kevin's blow job to pull him up off his
knees to sit next to him on the bed. Alex put his arms around Kevin and
placed his own head on Kevin's neck, kissing and licking his neck and
earlobe. Moving up Kevin's head until he got Kevin's ear sloppy wet and
then pushing Kevin's back onto the bed while Alex lifted his arms. Diving
into Kevin's right arm pit and slobbering over it as he licked out the
day-old stink. "Yum," Alex said as he lifted his head now directed over
Kevin's face. Kevin kissing him passionately, stopping to say "I wonder
what goodness is hiding in this other pit," pulling himself over Kevin's
head to clean out Kevin's other pit. Alex keeps the freshly swiped stench
in his mouth and drops back down to Kevin's face and says, "Taste
this. It's so good. Can you believe how good you stink?"

Kevin laughs and says "yeah, that is pretty good."

"Would you like a blow job... or would you like to 69?" Alex asks.

"Either. I really loved sucking your dick though. I'd love to finish you."

Kevin was pretty hard, though his dick was restrained in his leather
shorts. Once Alex unsnapped the shorts to remove them, Kevin's dick sprang
to life. Alex sniffed around Kevin's balls and shaft to take in his musky
leather scent. "That's so good. The smell of leather on your balls is so
fucking hot." Alex couldn't get Kevin's stiff cock in his mouth fast
enough, desiring the load he knew would follow. These two men were in the
perfect heightened state of arousal to enjoy a good 69. They were equally
horned up and desirous to making the other cum. Sucking a dick is a holy
ritual for a gay man. Especially when one's partner is overwhelmingly hot
as these two. Both muscular. Both Handsome. Both Horned, both ready to
shoot. Each barely holding off until they could taste a little more.

"Alex, open your legs a little. I want to taste your taint." Kevin says

"Okay, be careful, I haven't showered." Alex says. Kevin grunted his
acknowledgment.

As Kevin explored under Alex's balls with his tongue, Alex grabbed his own
cock and only stroked about 10 times before shooting all over Kevin's upper
chest. "Oh, god, sorry. I couldn't help it." Alex said.

Kevin smiled and said, "that's okay. I understand" Kevin running two
fingers over his chest and lifting the cum to his mouth to taste
it. "That's awesome, here..." as he offers Alex's mouth some of his own
freshly spewed jizz. Alex stuck out his tongue and tasted it, "Mmmmm'.

Hank was enjoying Tyrone's blow job immensely. Tyrone, deciding to go the
extra mile, said "Here, take this," offering Hank's cock to him to jack as
Tyrone lifted Hanks beefy legs up to gain access to his butthole. Tyrone
begins to service Hank's taint with his tongue while gently massaging his
hole with his fingers. It took all of 6 seconds for Hank to blow his load
all over his belly. Hank laughed involuntarily. Tyrone kept licking Hank's
hefty balls until Hank couldn't hold his legs up any longer.

"So, thanks. I guess we have a date. What are you going to wear to the
street fair? Hank asks. These two men have incredible chests and arms, each
hoping to admire the others body in public.

"Jeans, Left arm band, boots. Though I'd like to find some shorts to buy if
I can find any." Tyrone responds. "I've never been to this event before so
I don't have a clue about shopping here, if there is any.

"It's not a big shopping event, but some of the vendors might have some
stuff on display.  I'm gonna wear pretty much the same but I think, maybe,
after meeting you, I should be wearing an armband on both arms," Hank says
smiling.

Anton announces, "let's all get cleaned up and meet back here at 11:30."
Everyone agrees.

More to come...

---

Untitled (Chapter 32)

Date: Fri, 18 Apr 2025 16:56:33 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 28

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. Send me an email. I'd love to hear what you think of
my story


Kevin Jones - New Orders 28


Day 15		1500


The men check into the Dive Inn Hotel and Bar only 2 blocks from Dore Alley
and Folsom Streets. They were excited just to get out of the van. Time to
stretch their legs.

They only had a few minutes to check in and get their bags out of the back
of the Large Van before it had to be moved. Anton and Tyrone each had a
large suitcase. Private Jones only had a Duffle bag. When the men walked up
to the front desk, Kevin discovered that all 3 were sharing a small 2 bed
room. He had thought that the 1st Sergeant would have his own separate
room. No one had told him that, he just imagined it to be so. He had
fantasized about being able to go out and find a to guy to bring back to
the room for he and Anton to play around with. He had never discussed this
with Anton, he just imagined it to be so. He had also imagined that he
would have his own bed. Roommates in a hotel room, sharing a bathroom or
even a TV can be difficult, but a couple of Privates sharing a bathroom
with a 1st Sergeant could be problematic. Being low man on the totem pole,
Kevin doesn't have much say in who he's sleeping with. `Maybe there'll be a
couch,' he thought.

Corporal Alex Lansford had made the reservations and chosen the hotel. He
was told by the first sergeant to make it close to the event. "We don't
want to be walking blocks to get to the Dore Alley stuff." Tyrone had
instructed his assistant. The big problem, however, was that parking was a
block away... making it difficult to jump in the car and drive to a
restaurant. So Tyrone decided to walk or use cabs. Everyone did not have to
do everything together, but they were together, at least for the
moment. They had decided to go to dinner together around 5 or 5:30
(civilian time). They were somewhat relieved to realize that they gained an
extra hour when they drove into the California Time Zone which is 1 hour
earlier than Utah.

The men decided to go to an early dinner partly because they realize that
all the restaurants on a Friday night at Gay Fair in San Francisco would
likely be filled to capacity. So the only way to get in will be to show up
early. Plus, all 3 men are eager to get dressed up in their leathers and go
to a couple of clubs, get the lay of the land, within walking distance of
the Hotel. So, will they go directly from Dinner out to the gay
bars. Probably not. The bars will get crowded much later than the
restaurants. So, they can wear regular kinds of street clothes to dinner
and then come back to the hotel to change.

Tyrone said, " yes, but I probably won't wear the T-shirt at the street
fair. And if I can find a pair of shorts that are a little kinkier, I might
be up for buying some. What about you guys? What are you wearing tomorrow"

Anton says I'm gonna be wearing my chaps over a white jockstrap. And the
harness I was wearing at the party."

Kevin told Tyrone that he'd be wearing some leather shorts, his black
boots, a bulldog harness. And a yellow leather strap on his right arm.

"I'm not really sure of how this all works here. Do you guys want to do
this together or do you want to split up when we get to the fair... It's
only like 1 or 2 blocks from here I think. Tom did good to get us a room so
close." Tyrone added.

Anton says, "well I think we should go down there together and, if we wind
up splitting up, we should have a time and place that we meet up sometime
in the afternoon. but from what I understand, it's almost impossible to
stay together because the crowds kind of move you along or keep you pinned
down in one spot. I guess we'll just have to get into the crowd to find
out."

" I think we should decide if we're going to have lunch together or not
tomorrow." Suggested Kevin. "If we are not, then I think we should meet in
front of the `Hole in the wall' bar at 3. If we're going to meet for lunch,
then we should pick a place and meet at 11:45 in front of whatever we
pick."

Tyrone asked, "why 11:45?"

Kevin replied, "because everybody else will meet at the same place at noon
and we will already be seated in the restaurant."

"Good plan," stated Tyrone. "so let's go ask the front desk where a good
place to have dinner is"

The guys all got dressed at the same time.... In the small hotel
room. Kevin had worn Jeans, boots and a snug T-shirt that showed his arms
nicely. Anton wore much the same but had a really nice button down
shirt. Tyrone wore especially tight jeans, a tight T-shirt rolled up to
expose his huge biceps and a black leather band with yellow trim over his
biceps. Black leather boots, of course. Anton and Kevin's eyes bulged out
when they saw Tyrone all ready for the Fair.

Kevin asked Tyrone, "Is that what you're wearing at the Street Fair?"

Tyrone said, "yes, but I probably won't wear the T-shirt at the street
fair. And if I can find a pair of shorts that are a little kinkier, I might
be up for buying some. What about you guys? What are you wearing tomorrow."

Anton says "I'm gonna be wearing my chaps over a white jockstrap, boots,
and the harness I was wearing at the party."

Kevin told Tyrone that he'd be wearing some leather shorts, his boots, a
bulldog harness. And a yellow leather strap on his right arm bicep.

The three men trundle down one flight of stairs to the front desk. The
clerk offers directions to the nearest 'okay' dinner spot. The much nicer
choice is a taxi cab ride away. The men decided together that they should
take the opportunity to walk.

They found it very intriguing that there was a large cross section of gay
men that dressed in skimpy leather and rubber ware to the local restaurants
as there were men in regular street ware. "It would almost be impossible to
wear the wrong thing in here," Tyrone commented.

"Completely based on what you're trying to accomplish." Said Kevin. Anton
agreed.

In order to allow Kevin to drink, Tyrone went up to the bar and ordered 3
Margaritas. No questions. Tyrone brought them back to the table. "This is
great," exclaimed Anton. "We don't get these in Utah. You know, Tyrone, we
should give a training to our ambassadors on how to mix 3 or 4 different
drinks. The Clients would love that. But some of the men probably know
that."

Tyrone asks Anton, "How many of our ambassadors are over 21?"

Anton shrugged, "I'll find out."

Kevin was enthralled by his Margarita. "This is like the perfect thing,"
announced Kevin as the muscles behind his eyes subtly twitched. "I've heard
about Tequila but this is the first time I've tasted it. I love it. Thank
you."

The men all ordered Potstickers and Vegetables because it was the house
special. Tyrone didn't allow Kevin to have a second drink. "I'll order you
one later at the bar." And then turned to Anton and added, "maybe he should
stick to beer."

It was still pretty early as they paid the check and got up to leave the
restaurant. A couple of very beefy, muscle guys were walking in the door
and smiled at Kevin and Anton, but really lit up when they saw
Tyrone. "Where are you off to handsome?" the first muscle boy said to
Tyrone.

Tyrone smiled back and said "I don't know, can you tell me which local
places we should get to?"

"There are a few places that are really good. There's the Ramrod up the
street here about 4 blocks, The Eagle is the leather bar 3 blocks that
way," pointing Northeast, and there's the Hole in the Wall which is the
local piss bar, if you're into that. Name's Hank. This is Alex and Quinn."

"Tyrone, nice to meet you. Yup, into almost everything actually. These are
my friends Kevin and Anton," everyone shaking hands.

"Are you guys a Thrupple?" Hank asks.

"What's that?" Tyrone asks. Turning to Kevin, Tyrone quietly asks "what's a
thrupple?" Kevin shrugs.

Anton responds, "No, we're just 3 friends that wanted to come to Dore
Alley... and we decided to drive here together. We kind of work for the
same company."

"We're headed to the Eagle after dinner. Maybe we'll see you there," Alex
said "and, yeah, we're pretty much into everything too."

As soon as the men leave the restaurant, Tyrone says to Kevin. "So... the
Hole in the Wall is a piss place, huh? Were you gonna tell us that?"

"Um, I guess I didn't know I needed to," said Kevin kind of
apologetically. " but I certainly would've told you before you walked
inside."

"You didn't. I'm just pulling your leg. Do you guys want to go there first
or last, and if you do, what are we gonna smell like at the Eagle or the
Ramrod? Tyrone asks.

"Anton, what do you think? Where would you like to go? Kevin asks

"I'm open. I think it would be fun, but we have 2 more days, so we can go
anywhere that you want." Says Anton.

"Did you like those leather guys we just met? Tyrone asks.  "They're pretty
hot but I think Hank is especially into you, I didn't feel anything,
yet. You?" He looks at Kevin.

"Nope, they're into Tyrone. But look, we could go see what's up at the
Ramrod, Then make it over to the Eagle about the same time that Alex and
Hank get there. Maybe we just cruise a little," Kevin shares.

"Good plan, men," Tyrone proclaims. Let's go. Finally, they have a mission.

As they make their way back to the hotel to change clothes, Kevin sees the
activity at the Hole In The Wall as they walked past and decided to check
it out later in the night.

"Let's get sleazy," Kevin says, as they start to change their clothes in
the small bedroom. Kevin didn't bring much. He brought more socks than
underpants. He dons the skimpy leather shorts and harness, Left bicep strap
and his precious mid thigh boots

"Why would you pack more socks than underwear? Tyrone asks.

"Well, if my underpants get wet I can take them off. But if my socks get
wet, my boots will get really uncomfortable." Kevin answers.

"Of course," Tyrone responded.

Anton looked like the leather slut he wanted to be for Dore Alley. Anton's
harness made him look like the big muscle guy he is. But nowhere as defined
as Tyrone. Tyrone was looking as though he worked out all day, every
day. And we know that he didn't. He is in his office most of the time. He
is a busy man.

Just to take time off for this kind of weekend must have been very
important to him. It was a high sexual priority for him. Clearly, Anton saw
the changes in the first sergeant. He had gotten bigger in the last year
and some of that was because he really enjoyed working out. Some of it was
because he's a little bit starved for sexual partners. Not just any sexual
partners, but kinky, leather muscle boys who want to worship him. In the
army, in Utah, not in the middle of a metropolitan area like Salt Lake
City, it becomes a little difficult to meet anyone that he would want to
meet. So when Anton told him his plan to visit San Francisco for a kink
fest, the sergeants ears perked up, and he started to fantasize a little
about what he might be missing out on. He didn't want this opportunity to
slip by. And right after he made up his mind to drive to San Francisco, he
decided to attend private Jones's birthday party. He had a really great
experience there and doesn't want it to be a one-time thing indeed, he
needs to meet men in the same headspace. Difficult to do.

"Are we headed to the ramrod first? asks Kevin.

"I did a little research in the last week." says Anton, "I'm pretty sure
the Ramrod is kind of a cowboy bar, though with crowd like this in town, I
would imagine anything goes for any of these bars, but no question that we
are going to be dressed more for the Eagle. So it kind of matters what you
guys are after. I'm gonna guess that we're kind of dressed for a night at
the Eagle. We can come back tomorrow in jeans and boots and T-shirt and go
to the Ramrod tomorrow afternoon or evening. But I'll go along with
anything you guys decide."

"Sounds right to me... let's go get a couple of drinks at the Eagle, Tyrone
says.  They stopped at the desk and asked for directions and are off to the
Eagle on foot.

"Hey Daddies, where are you going?" Yells a small gang of leather and
rubber boys from across the street. "Can we come with you?"

Anton says in a low voice "just keep walking," and then much louder he says
to the boys across the street "no thanks. We're just gonna go meet some
friends for a drink."

"OK, daddies. Have a fun night," answers the gang.

"I could use a beer." Says Kevin. And Alex and Tyrone both agree.

Anton says "my turn to buy as soon as we get inside"

Once inside Anton orchestrates "you guys go pick a spot over there in the
corner away from the bar. If we're all standing at the bar, they might
check out Kevin too closely, being that he doesn't have ID."

"Good thing that he's got a little hair in his chest" says Tyrone as they
head for the back corner of the bar" Tyrone grabs Kevin`s nipple as soon as
they reach their destination in the back. Makes Kevin`s dick jump a little
in his very small leather shorts.

"Are you trying to pick me up Mister?" Kevin asks

"No, just admiring your very hot body. I can see how much work you've done
since the first time we met like 2 weeks ago. You're a very sexy young man,
Kevin. And by the way, now that we're alone," Tyrone says ,"thanks for
fucking me this afternoon. That really woke up some things in my body. I
needed that."

"Well, I needed that too. I can't believe that I can suck your dick at the
same time. That was pretty awesome. So, yeah, you're welcome.  What are you
looking for here at the fair? None of my business really. I shouldn't have
asked."

Tyrone says, "no, it's OK. But this is between me and my friend,
Kevin. This isn't between Sergeant Brown and Private Jones. Capish?

"Of course, like everything else this weekend." Kevin agreed.

"I'd like to find a partner. I know that's not likely, and I have pretty
specific qualities I'm looking for in a man. He's gotta be into working
out, he's gotta understand the Army, He's gotta be somewhat kinky, but not
too kinky, I'm not into scat or anything like that, though I am into
piss.," Tyrone admits. "He's got to be handsome, he's gotta be loyal. I
want him to look fine. I want him to be between three and 10 years younger
than me. I thought if I came here this weekend with you guys that I might
meet a couple of guys like that and maybe get to play with him or them."

" Well, I get the part about you coming here to find a kinky guy, but I'm
not sure about finding somebody to fall in love with." Kevin replies. Seems
to me you should go find that guy Alex or Hank and his buddies and see what
their story is. Those were really good looking guys, all of them in shape,
but especially Hank. If that's the crowd you would like to be around, go
buy `em a beer."

Anton walked up with three full beer bottles in his hands.

"Thank you so much, Anton" Kevin said as he smiled and accepted the
drink. This is like a dream come true. I love all of this."

"You're welcome. This place is getting crowded, I probably should've stayed
at the bar and bought three beers for each of us," Anton said, "it's gonna
take so long to get back up to the bar.

"I'll get the next round," Tyrone said. I tend to get a bartender's
attention at a bar. I can probably get up there pretty quickly. Should I
get a couple for each of us?" Tyrone asked Anton.

"Yup. I think that's a good idea." Anton replied.

Everybody is out to cruise. So many hot men. "I got groped like four times
going up to the bar. Couldn't even be sure which guy was grabbing me" Anton
tells Kevin. "I would rather have a guy standing in front of me when he
grabs my junk, and not do it anonymously. They could have a feel if they
wanted. then at least I could grope back if I was interested, you know?"

"Yeah, I agree," Kevin said, "but I also kind of like it. It's nice to be
touched."

Only a moment later, 28-year-old leather boy walks up and grabs Kevin`s
ass. Kevin doesn't push him away. He turns and smiles at the man. "Hi!"
Kevin smiles at the slightly taller man. The man smiles back and
immediately rubs his forefinger across Kevin's left nipple. "I'm Kevin"

"Ross."

"What are you shopping for? " asks Kevin "

"Some hot guy to dominate," Ross replies

Kevin responds with a big grin. "Tell me more," Kevin says.

"I'm looking for a guy about your size, with beautiful muscles, wearing
boots and skimpy leather shorts," Ross tells him.

"and what will you do when you find this guy?" Kevin asks

"I'd wanna play around with him for a while. I'd want to suck on his
nipples, slap him around a bit, drop a load in his ass. You know, the usual
dom stuff." the Dom tells him.

" What would you do first?" Kevin queries

"I'd kiss him like this," Ross says as he grabs the back of Kevin`s head
and plants a giant kiss on Kevin`s mouth. The men exchange tongues. Getting
a good taste, Kevin moans his delight.

"that was exciting. Made my nipples hard," Kevin tells Ross and Ross
responds by gently pinching both of Kevin`s nipples. And that made Kevin`s
7 1/2 inches stiffen up. Ross grabs Kevin's crotch thru the leather shorts,
stimulating his boner more.

"Wow, those shorts are a great display for that package. So sexy." Ross
smiles.

"so what do you wanna know?" Kevin asks.

"I want to know where the bathroom is. I've had too much beer and I need to
relieve myself." Ross informs him.

"Well, I'm your urinal, but this probably isn't the place for that, is it,?
Kevin smiles

Ross says, "I think it might be... Turn around" not 12 feet away, two
different men, on their knees, servicing the man in front of them. They are
not together. These two boys on their knees are serving very different
purposes. One is sucking a beautiful cock and the other one is drinking
piss from his sir. The men around them were nonchalantly, watching the
action and, at the same time, kind of protecting the men from the bar
employees who may frown on such activity. Ross tells Kevin, "these guys
will likely be here for awhile. All the men standing around are likely
waiting for their turn. So if you want to be my urinal, I suggest you get
to it because I have to piss like a racehorse and I'm gonna have to head
for the bathroom if you're not going to take it."

Kevin assesses the area and gets down on his knees. He is surprised that
the cement floor is kind of wet. But he quickly tilts his head back and
opens his mouth for Ross to relieve himself. Kevin tries to get his mouth
on Ross's dick. But Ross pushes him back a few inches and says, "no boy, I
want everybody to be able to watch me pissing in your mouth. Such a hot boy
drinking my piss... it's really so much better than standing in front of a
urinal in a crowded bathroom, don't you think? I'd much rather use a boy
like you. This is gonna take a while, my bladder is really full. And when
you're done drinking, I want you to lick my balls so that everybody here
can watch. We're all voyeurs here boy and you make it so worth
watching. Such a beautiful boy, drinking my piss and licking my balls. next
thing you know, you'll probably wanna suck my dick, won't your boy?" Kevin
nods.

"That was great, boy. Now get my balls in your mouth. Clean them up. Get
that stank out from under my balls. Lick it clean... good boy" Ross pushes
Kevin's head back a little bit and then directs his hard dick into Kevin's
waiting mouth. "Lick the head, boy. Taste that?" Kevin nods. "That's my
cock telling you to get ready for some cum. You just keep making my dick
harder. More. You just keep sucking my dick, boy. "

Ross had a growing penis in Kevin`s mouth. It grew as thick as it did
long. It was so hot. Kevin's tongue and throat were completely responsive
to Ross's Dom narrative, descending happily into sub headspace as he drank,
sucked and swallowed.

The other boys servicing dick in the corner of the bar, on their knees
weren't as sexy as Kevin. Kevin was beautiful and everybody standing around
watching knew it. He was the prize. Ross could see that Kevin was
completely in service mode. As Ross got to the point of blowing his load
down Kevin's throat, he made his escape plan, grabbing the nearest guy
who's been observing the action, dick in hand. Ross shot his load and said
to Kevin, "I need you to help my buddy just like you helped me." Ross moves
Kevin's head to the man's dick and said "suck this dick Kevin," Kevin
quickly gets Ross's buddies cock into his mouth, pleased to help out his
friend. Even more excited by the size of the mammoth cock in his mouth. And
as he sucks, the unit and his mouth gets harder and bigger.

"Hey Kevin, You know, you don't have to do this." Kevin looks up and sees
that he's sucking Anton`s cock. Confused a bit.

"Ross took off." Anton explained. "He may have gone to the bar, but I think
he left. He stuffed, my dick in your mouth, probably to distract you. I'm a
little bit high after a few drinks so I just went along with it. You don't
have to keep sucking my dick."

"No, Sir, I'm enjoying sucking your cock. It's a magnificent cock. I'm very
into serving it. By the way, I'm very Thirsty."

" I'm certainly not going to refuse. Feels great. Do you like my big dick,
Kevin?" Anton asks.

"You know I do," Kevin says, as he continues, licking the head of Anton's
dick in front of several sexy observers. "Do you want to feed me cum or
piss?

"I'd love to feed you my piss first. If I could relieve my bladder that I
can pay more attention to your other great skills." Anton tells the man
attached to his dick.

"Good. I want it." Kevin likes to drink piss with his mouth over the head
of his dick. Drinking from the tap is always the goal. Kevin has lost any
inhibition that he had about drinking piss or sucking dick in front of a
bunch of strangers. He is performing now, proving his value as a sub, to
Anton, to the voyeurs in the crowd, to Tyrone and to himself. He loves this
sub headspace.

Tyrone had found his friends up near the bar and brought them back to the
corner where Kevin and Anton had drawn a crowd.  "Anton, you remember
Alex," says Tyrone, not seeing the activity of his 2 friends who are now
almost fully camouflaged with bystanders from the waist down, "and Hank and
Quinn. Where's Kevin?"

Anton, sort of turned away from Tyrone, points his finger down at Kevin's
bobbing head, attached to Anton's dick.

Without changing expression, Tyrone says, "Kevin's busy."

Hank says to Anton, "Are you guys a couple?

Anton replies, "no, I just needed to find the closest bathroom."

"Oh, that's so sexy, Alex says to Anton, "I didn't know you guys were into
sharing. Is he drinking?

"He was, but now he's sucking my cock." Anton tells him. "You guys into
playing?"

"I'm gonna watch for a minute while I chat with my buddies."  "You guys
want to participate, maybe invite these guys back to our room?" Alex asks
Hank & Ollie.  "Totally into that," Hank, the big muscle guy says. Ollie
just smiles and continues to watch Kevin suck on Anton's huge cock.

"Are you into this?" Hank asks Tyrone.

Tyrone nods and smiles, "you bet."

Anton tells Kevin. "We have to stop now. We're going back to the room to
play with these men.'

"DAMN! I love your pre-cum. It tastes so good. And there was so much of
it." Kevin Says

"Kev, my friend. You can suck on my dick back up the room," Anton tells
him. He pulls up his pants and they start to make their way through the
crowd to the front door of the bar. Very crowded. Lots of groping. Kevin
starting to come up from his sub headspace.

"Where are you staying?" Asked Alex.

"At the Dive Inn about 3 blocks this way.

"We are too. We have a big room." Hank says

"We have a small room," says Anton

"Let's grab some beers on the way," says Ollie "I love piss

"Ollie, you just like to have a cock in your mouth, for any reason," Says
Hank

Sidling up to Anton, Tyrone whispers, "This happened pretty fast."

"We're at Dore Alley. It's not time for dating, it's time for fucking."
Anton says. "Besides, It's perfect, if you're not into it you can walk down
the stairs to our room. But, I think you're going to have a good time. I
think we all are."

When they climb the stairs to the larger bedroom, they all walk inside and
open some beers that they picked up on the way. Kevin is dressed perfectly
for the moment, all the rest of the men need to shed some clothes, though
Tyrone is slow to disrobe, either because he's not sure of the scene, or
because he wants to impress the new friends with the great unveiling of his
Giant cock. And when the men have gotten to the place where they're all
dressed for play, Tyrone drops his jeans and, even though Alex had groped
him earlier, he and his buddies were all speechless for a couple of
moments. When they spoke they used words like "Gigantic" Ollie immediately
got on his knees and said. "I want to taste it."

As Ollie took the beast into his mouth he realized that it was rapidly
growing and that it would be hard to accept it into his mouth. But he
continued trying, Licking it and stroking it and lifting Tyrone's balls
like they were weights. Hank got down on his knees next to Ollie and began
by sharing the responsibility of stroking it. "Come on Ollie, we can do
this together. There's plenty to go around."

Anton dropped his chaps and then Jeans to the floor giving the boys a
little show. Actually, more like a Big show. Alex, reaches over to Anton's
balls and pulls them gently so that they would unfurl having been scrunched
up in the jeans he was wearing. Alex asked Kevin if he wanted to share
Anton's big dick.

"I do, but right now I'm pretty thirsty. Do you have to piss? Kevin asks
Alex.

"Yeah I do." Alex answers

Kevin leans over in front of Anton and takes Alex's cock in his mouth,
licking his piss slit to encourage the flow, it started a few seconds
later. `Very tasty' Kevin thought. Kevin drank from the tap for half a
minute and then fell into his long established roll as cock sucker. He
continued to swallow all of Alex's piss but simultaneously made Alex's cock
grow in size. Kevin knew exactly what he was doing.

When Alex's piss stopped, Kevin said, "Anton do you want to fuck me while I
suck Alex's cock?"

"Sure," Anton stroked his cock a few times.

"Actually," said Alex, "Can I suck it for a bit. I'd love to try that."

Alex leaned across Kevin and Anton stuffed his large dick in Alex's
mouth. "Mmmm fuck," Alex mumbled. "What a beautiful cock."

Across the room, Tyrone's cock was winning hearts, minds and tongues.
"That's really magnificent," Hank says as he maneuvers up to Tyrone's face
to kiss it passionately. And pretty quickly lifts Tyrone's left arm over
his head and starts to run his tongue up the Large man's chest and arm
pits. He was sitting uncomfortably close to the edge of the bed and trying
to keep his balance. Tyrone gasps a little as he wasn't expecting it but
when Hank settles on Tyrone's nipples and starts to suck and worship the
big muscles, Tyrone's resistance collapsed.

Anton watched from across the room as Hank and Tyrone, the two biggest
musclemen in the room, sweetly make out. Full Tongue as they kissed for
several minutes at a time and hold each others heads in their hands. Ollie
had made his way to Tyrones taint and was servicing it, trying to pry the
Big man's legs apart so that he could also service his butthole. Ollie knew
that's where he wanted to be.

When Kevin found himself being pushed into an uncomfortable position, he
simply found his way to Anton's butt hole and balls and started the tongue
bath. Kevin really loved Anton's long hangy balls. When done there he slid
his tongue over to Anton's taint and eventually to rim the tall man for an
extended service.

Anton eventually swallowed Alex's cum, Ollie got his fill of Tyrone's
butthole. Anton was satiated. And Hank and Tyrone had a mouthful of the
other man's cum. Everyone of the men had a satisfying orgasmic evening,
except for Kevin.

The new friends suggested that they do something to give Kevin his orgasm.
Alex put Kevin on his back, not a lot of resistance there and began to play
with his nips. Hank started to eat out Kevin's ass, Anton was kissing the
boy, Tyrone was jacking his cock, gently at first, Ollie pulled off the
boys boots and started to lick his stinky feet. It was overwhelming to
Kevin. His body didn't know how to respond. Everyone was servicing
HIM. He's used to serving everyone else.

It took a few minutes but Kevin got hard quickly and shot off about 5
minutes in. And when he came, it was hard. And nobody stopped with their
activities. Alex said, "keep going" and everyone followed Alex's
direction. A minute later, Kevin was laughing and screaming STOP, but
nobody did. They just continued torturing him until he wriggled out of
their grasp. He was pissed off and yet knew that he was being thanked for
breaking the ice back at the bar.

Tyrone said, "Let's meet for breakfast. Call us when you guys get up."

It was a very long day.


More to come soon....

---

Untitled (Chapter 33)

Date: Fri, 4 Apr 2025 07:14:55 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 27

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/
All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing you.

Kevin Jones New Orders 27

Day 15		0600


"Good Morning gentlemen," Says first sergeant Tyrone Brown as he approaches
the van. " Well this thing should be comfortable enough"

"yup, Tom got us the luxury liner. Apparently, he knows somebody, "says
Anton. "This beast is the luxury liner of the fleet. I should make the
drive really comfortable."

As private, Kevin Jones throws his bag into the very back seat, he also
holds the front passenger door for the Sergeant. Anton jumps in the driver
seat, Kevin in the backseat and all the doors slam as end time fires up the
beast and starts to move forward.

"How long is this drive Anton? " The sergeant asks.

"It's a little over eight hours," responds Anton

"gentlemen, I'd like to revert to the same policy we had at your party. I
won't hold anything against you. We can all talk freely as friends,
Capish?"

Anton and Kevin both agree that that's gonna make life easier on the
road. "Is this for the trip or is this for the entire weekend until we get
back" asks Kevin?" asks Kevin.

"Until we get back to the base." Says sergeant.

"Awesome," says Kevin.

"But," Tyrone interjects, "you still can't discuss anything that happens
with anybody else.

"Are you guys going to share the driving duties?" Tyrone asks.

"I know how to drive but I don't have a license yet. Sorry." Responds
Kevin.  The sergeant spins around and lowers his sunglasses a little bit
and glares at Kevin in the backseat. "Yes, I intend to get my license
immediately upon our return."  Tyrone smiles.

"I had a great time at your party. Thanks for including me and my friend
Brian. He seemed to have a great time in the showers" says Tyrone. "I
really enjoyed watching everybody in action. What a hot group of men. I
especially enjoyed watching you and Zelsky.

I went over to visit Sergeant Zelsky yesterday after we did the after party
clean up. I asked him if I could be his ambassador after my full
training. He said that he'd talk to you about it," Kevin stated.

Tyrone responds," he did talk to me about it. He told me that you asked him
that question in the middle of sucking his dick. I had to laugh. It's
really hard to say no to a very sexy man who is sucking your dick
... anyway, I'm gonna say yes `cause he really wants you to be his
ambassador as much as you want to be. You know Kevin, the ambassadors don't
usually get to choose their clients. I think this may be the first
time. Given the circumstances, where Zelsky recommended you for this
position, you have a pre-existing relationship with the man, I don't see
any negative here. But, don't let me down. Don't ever give me a reason to
regret my decision., Okay? he is a hot man, isn't he Kevin?"

"I think I'm addicted to his cock," Kevin chuckles.

"I think you're right. I watched you suck his dick while he sat in the
chair after giving you your swats. That was a very sexy thing to watch. It
made my dick hard again." Tyrone said.

"I thought your dick was hard because Greg kept worshiping you all
night. that was very sexy to watch too," Kevin responded.

Anton interjected, "hey you guys ... Can you maybe change the subject for a
little bit? I'm getting really hard listening to all this."

"Me too," says Tyrone.

"Me three," says Kevin. But I have a solution to that: Tyrone, can you
drive this beast?"

"Yes, of course." Tyrone responds.

" well then, who wants to go first?" Kevin asks.

"How long before we have to take a stop?" Tyrone asks.

"A stop for what?" Kevin asked.

"you know, piss break, getting something to drink, gas. I don't know."
Tyrone replies.

Anton says "we have a full tank of gas... We have bottles of water, unless
you want something else we have a urinal in the backseat who is really good
at sucking dick. So we don't really need to stop for a while."

" OK. Why don't you pull over when it's easy and safe and climb in the back
and I will drive for a while." Tyrone suggests.

" You good with that Kevin?" Asks Anton.

"Of course ... Can't wait. You know how much I like to suck dick." Kevin
commits...

Anton pulls over and gets in the back and Tyrone gets behind the wheel. The
motor is still running and Tyrone pulls out into traffic... Not that
there's much traffic.

Kevin pushes the second row seats as far back as they go.  "Take off your
pants... No, I mean all the way off. I want to be able to get into your
crotch. I want the full taste treat. Kevin eyes Anton's large appendage,
which is just slightly hard at this point. "You ready?"

"Of course I'm ready... go to work," Anton smiles. Kevin looks up at him
from between his knees and smiles. And leans over and starts to lick the
head of his big, beautiful cock. It immediately responds with a little
bounce. Kevin takes the dick into his mouth, hands-free, licks, and the
under part of his dickhead, opening the slit with his tongue. and then
takes a couple of long slow plunges on Anton`s Dick simply by sucking it
into his mouth. There's no chance of taking the entire thing down his
throat in one hands-free maneuver. The dick is just too large for that. So,
Kevin needs to use his hands and he starts to jack the shaft, lifting the
sack with his left hand thumb so that he can push Anton's left thigh a
little wider and get into that fabulous skin just under his balls. That
place where everything is sensitive to the touch. That private place where
every lick inspires a little more weight on the pole... and just as he
starts to clean Anton's taint, oops, Kevin`s tongue, slides easily into
Anton's butt hole. He licks the hole repeatedly just to make sure it's
engaged. And he slides back up to Anton`s balls and looks up into Anton's
face and says "I gotta take care of the kitchen help down here before I can
expect to be served the meal." He gives his friend a Full smile and then
goes back to work licking his balls, more and more actively, setting the
pace for the blow job Anton's about to receive... Kevin raises up on his
heels a little bit so that he can reach the head of this large penis that
he has in his hands. Kevin stretch to go up and down the sides in the back,
taking the dick in his mouth and going far down on it as he can, starting
to jack the base in sync with his sucking. Looking from the balls all the
way up to the head is not the same on this large of a penis as it is for
most men. But Anton is not most men. He is bordering on a God when it comes
to his appendage. Kevin is worshiping this man's erection as much as he is
sucking on it. He's really into taking his time and making his friend groan
and moan, maybe beg... but Kevin is into the full service of this man. He
stops, sucking for a few moments to go up to his face and kiss him on the
lips staring right into his eyes and then looks down as an indication of
his subservience and dedication to the task at hand.

Kevin stops at Anton`s nipples and gives them some oral gratification
before descending further down to his cock once more. This time, Kevin is
going to stay right on his dick, sucking and prodding and jacking until he
gets fed his mid-morning meal. He means to show his gratitude to the man
that is essentially his weekend host, but is every other day, his friend
and supporter.

Jones has decided, that even though his own hard on is getting to be more
demanding, he's not going to stop for his own needs until he is completed
the act at hand. Now, Kevin is going to remain at his station until the
work is done and he licks and jacks and sucks and goes after the load that
Anton has for him. He just has to get it out, and about 35 minutes into the
blowjob, Anton is starting to twist and turn, his butt cheeks flexing in
his chair just a little bit and his tightening testicles, letting Kevin
know that Anton's big dick is getting ready to shoot. While Kevin continues
to suck and service, he takes his hands and rubs beneath Anton`s balls
gently but firmly and constantly until he feels that Anton just needs one
little push to make him orgasm into Kevin's waiting mouth. Kevin's finger
scouting the trail down underneath the balls and starts rubbing firmly on
Anton`s asshole. Firmly enough so that the finger slightly enters his
hole. Almost immediately Anton starts blasting into Kevin`s mouth. Quite a
good sized mouthful. But he doesn't swallow. He simply goes right back up
to Anton`s face and begins kissing him, sharing his entire load, which of
course surprises Anton and which becomes very messy. But it doesn't matter
because when each of them have swallowed all that they can, Kevin begins to
lick up all of the mess on Anton`s face and chest. Anton grins. "you are
such a good boy, Kevin." Anton tells Kevin as he strokes his face.

"Are you guys in a position to get dressed? We're coming into a little town
up here. and I could use a little break. Walk around a little. Are you guys
hungry at all? Kevin, it sounded like you already had your lunch," Tyrone
laughs.

" possibly. I guess if I walk around a little bit, I can figure it out. But
I definitely need to stretch my legs," Kevin says. What kind of food are
you looking for?"

Anton asks Tyrone, "what's your favorite lunch?"

"ah ha... Well, I hate to admit this, but my favorite is a cheeseburger and
a Diet Cola. But I hardly ever indulge." Says Tyrone, "what are you guys
want?"

All three men agreed that I cheeseburger sounded good... really good... it
didn't take long to find the right burger joint. They decided to go in and
sit down at a table to each and they all ordered the same thing, but
decided to share one order of fries between them.

"So, Kevin, what was your favorite aspect of the party? Did you like the
sling set up? Did you like to getting flogged?" Asked Anton.

"I liked everything about the party. There was not one single thing that
disappointed me. I hope everybody else had as good of a time as I did...
and by the way, Tyrone, thank you so much for the extra beer and the
cake. We really did go through a lot of beer at the party. Didn't we?"
Kevin said.

" I think most of that beer ended up in your throat." Anton observed.

"I hope so. Used beer is my favorite." Kevin said with a big smile.

"I love it too, "Tyrone said.

" I love pretty much anything that has to do with Dick." Kevin continued

"What did you like at the party best Tyrone? " Kevin asked.

"I really enjoyed watching you suck Zelsky`s big dick. That was pretty
entertaining"

"I really enjoyed watching Greg worshiping you all night. That boy had one
busy tongue on working on you." Kevin observed.

"You know, Anton," Tyrone said, "I found out the next day that Greg Miller
has been your unofficial partner for sometime. I'm really sorry if I fucked
anything up between you. I didn't know until Tom told me yesterday
morning. He was just sort of giving me a heads up."

"That's quite all right, Tyrone." Anton tells him, "no harm done. First of
all, the nature of the party was exactly what we all needed. It was
great. Secondly, yes, I've had a lot of fun with Greg Miller. But I think,
Tyrone that this is a tongue we can share. I don't have any exclusive claim
on him. And that we have some intimate moments, I think you and he had a
few intimate moments at the party that you connected over. So unless you
want him exclusively, I think this is something we can both appreciate."

"It's pretty easy to wander around the house and get whatever kind of sex
you might want. So I don't think anybody thinks too hard about offering
their services." Kevin says. "Plus, nobody ever says no."

The table went quiet when the food was put down on the table.

"Oh my god this is good... that or I was really hungry," announced Tyrone.

"No, you're right. It's really good", said Kevin.

"Agreed... it's been a while since I've had a cheeseburger," Anton
proclaimed.

The men finished everything on their plate, including the plate of fries
and then, Tyrone asks, "anyone want desert?"

Kevin says "I do!"

"What would you like, I'm buying?" asks Tyrone.

With a long deadpan stare Kevin replies, " I want the gallon of cum that
I'm gonna suck out of your dick when we get back in the van."

"Okay then... I'm gonna go hit the head and wash my hands and take a
piss. I'll see you in the van."

" Tyrone, please save your piss for me...please." Kevin asks with a little
bit of a pleading expression. "I'm thirsty."

Anton grabs the check and heads for the cashier and Pays the
bill. Everybody goes in the rest room and washes their hands before they
leave. Kevin hits the urinal, making more room in his bladder.  Then they
run out to the van.

Anton jumps in behind the wheel. Kevin opens the door for the heavily
muscled Black man... and then crawls in behind him.

As soon as they hit the road, Kevin begin taking Tyrone's boots off. "May I
remove your socks?" Kevin asks.

Tyrone grunts and nods and Kevin pulls his socks off his feet. Then he
helps Tyrone loosen his zipper and pulls his pants off of the large
man. Then his underpants. "I was expecting `commando', Kevin says.

"Can't, my cock attracts too much attention," Tyrone says. Kevin stretches
his now naked balls out a bit

"Can I taste it, Sir?" Kevin asks

"Kevin, I told you, we're casual on this trip. You don't need to call me
SIR."

"Tyrone, Sir, Kevin says sternly... I'm about to enter sub headspace. At
least that's where I imagine I'm headed. I hope I go there" Kevin explains
"I'm going to lick your balls and suck your dick and drink your piss if you
let me. I WANT very much to call you sir and allow me to serve your big
cock and worship your very hot muscular body. So, please Sir, feed me all
of your piss and then let me do what I need to do. I believe you'll be
pleased, sir, if you allow me.

"Of course." Tyrone says, as he gets comfortable in his seat. "You know I
seldom partake of the services of our men. And now twice in a week."

"Sir, I'm doing this because I really want to. I love doing this." Kevin
says. "But I also want to express my thanks to you for support at my
birthday party."

Kevin stroked the large dick in front of him while simultaneously caressing
the big mans balls with his right hand and semi tickling the back of
Tyrone's ballsack with his fingers. As the large black cock grew, Kevin
held his lips around it for a few seconds. May I take your piss, Sir? As
his mouth re-enveloped the large cock, licking the bottom of its head
encouraging the piss to flow, and even though he was swallowing it down,
the big thick urethera in the big black thick cock supplies piss more like
a fire hose than a flex straw. This was a gusher and Kevin really had to
work to swallow faster and harder. He hadn't experienced this before, this
was a first. He had been introduced to piss only two weeks earlier by the
man behind the wheel of the van traveling at about 70 miles per hour. If
Kevin couldn't keep up with the flow, that he pretty much begged for, it
wouldn't make for a great impression to the Sergeant, whose piss he was
gulping down. No matter how much he loved it, it was a huge volume that was
flowing into his mouth. `Kevin, he thought to himself, you wanted
this. Push yourself. Take it, swallow faster. You can't allow yourself to
fail.' Of course he didn't fail. He simply remained focused on the
task. But he couldn't help but think that Tyrone was testing him just a
bit.

The next task was to suck off the same powerful cock that he just drank
from. It did not escape his brain that this was also the largest cock he'd
ever taken into his ass, only two nights before at his birthday party. That
was a test as well, but one that he anticipated and trained for. He was
actually proud of taking such a huge dick in his ass, and as much as he
loved it, taking it while he lay in the sling was also a test, as well as a
first. But this big muscular Sergeant was worth the effort since he would
likely be the determining factor in his future. Kevin knew that if he took
care of 1st Sergeant Tyrone Brown, the Sergeant might also take care of him
when it was important. He didn't know when or how, but he instinctively
knew to take care of this man. This was not a love interest, but, come
on...'who wouldn't want to worship a man with these physical qualities?
Huge shoulder and chest, tall, ridiculous muscular build, sexy as fuck, and
a cock that could pull a tractor, not to mention his spectacular balls and
ass and legs. Oh my god. And he's proven to be generous now a few times. So
why wouldn't I want to take care of him.' Kevin didn't need to justify
servicing this guy any longer. This was a very fun playground.

"Sir, hold your knees up to your chest. I need to eat your ass." Kevin
instructed Tyrone. Kevin spit on his hole and rubbed it around with his
fingers, softening up the hefty starfish that is his hole. He massaged all
around the area, softly probed his hole and then asked, "Are you okay with
my exploring inside your ass, sir?

Tyrone responded, "Um Kevin, I haven't been fucked in a long time."

Kevin interrupted him softly. "I didn't say that I wanted to fuck you,
sir."

Tyrone quickly interrupted Kevin, "I didn't say you did. But when you
started to eat my hole I realized how much I missed it. This is a big
sexual exploration for me this weekend, trying to figure out what I might
want to engage in. So, Kevin, I've decided that I actually want YOU to fuck
me. You're a hot, sexy guy. Your cock is the right size for me. So my ass
is yours if you want it.

Kevin didn't want Tyrone to see, but he kind of gulped hard when Tyrone
offered him his hole to fuck. "Sir, I'm guessing that you'd rather cum
while I'm fucking you than for me to finish sucking your cock.

"You're in charge at this moment Kevin. It's up to you."

Kevin quickly decided to pull himself out of the sub headspace that he had
been descending into. "Sir, I'm going to fuck you now then, but I want you
to promise me that you'll let me suck your cock sometime this weekend."

Kevin wasn't particularly hard-hard, just somewhat hard. So he continued to
tongue Tyrone's ass to keep them both centered in this sexual goal. Kevin
now had yet another way to prove himself to the Sergeant.  Within a couple
of moments Kevin's dick was hard-hard, as is required for fucking a Big ol'
ass like Tyrones. AND Tyrone's ass was drenched in Kevin's saliva. Kevin's
tongue worshiping really helped loosen up Tyrone's butt hole. They were
about completely engage in something Kevin never thought possible. The
Driver, Anton, hadn't considered it either. He was amazed at what he saw in
the mirror and the conversation between these two men. Anton hadn't
considered Tyrone in much of a sexual way as they only ever chatted in
Tyrone's office dressed in military uniforms, discussing Army
business. He'd never seen Sergeant in anything but military garb. And while
Tyrone is a stunning figure of a man, Anton hadn't ever imagined him with
his legs up in the air in the back of a van. He was almost as surprised
when he watched Brown in action at Kevin's Party. He thought `he's letting
go a little, this is probably a good thing.'

Kevin was less sure of himself as a Top. But he wasn't going to let the
Sergeant down. He is, after all a man just like Tyrone... well... Not
exactly but he has fucked a couple of guys and they were very happy about
it so he was pretty sure that Tyrone would be receptive to whatever he had
to use.

Kevin had to jack his dick up into hard-hard status and was proceeding to
enter. Kevin and Tyrone both felt really good about this. Not only did it
feel good, but this was really exciting for both of these men most
definitely a first. Kevin started to pump. He could feel the heft of the
big man's growing cock. "How does my dick feel in your ass?" Kevin asked.

"Fantastic." Replied Tyrone

Kevin as a top understood what `Kevin the bottom' knew well. Gotta work
that prostate. But hitting that little target inside a man's ass can be
like target practice in the dark. Best way to tell if you're hitting the
target is to watch the reaction of the bottom who's getting fucked. And
Tyrone was truly enjoying having his target hit... over and over.

If Kevin were fucking Tom, or Tom was fucking Kevin, roughly, Tom, might
have smacked Kevin's ass during the course of fucking him. Maybe even
smacking his face, which Kevin really got into. But now he knows that he's
fucking Tyrone, his sergeant, he can't smack him in the face or give him a
nice heavy swat on his ass. He's got a depend on his dick, but it occurs to
him that he could play with Tyrone's tender arm pits and nipples. So while
continuing to piston fuck Tyrone's muscular ass, he leans forward and
tweaks, and then licks Tyrone's large left nipple. Kevin got a big 'ahhh
fuuuuck' out of the large sergeant and so he continued to manipulate that
nipple. And then, he did the same with Tyrone's right nip. And when he was
least, expecting it, Kevin gave him a light punch in the chest. Twice. Then
he roughly grabbed both nipples and squeezed hard. Something he never
thought he would do with a brass level client. But Tyrone could take it and
he knew that. Plus, Tyrone loved it so, he did it again this time a little
harder and he held on and squeezed. Tyrone was pretty close to
cumming. Kevin said "Jack your cock harder. I want you to cum when I
do. Work your dick... harder. Come on big man. I want to see that big dick
fire.

Kevin grabbed Tyrone's large cock and brought it up to his mouth while
still fucking him in the ass and now also jackin the giant stalk. He
realized he could suck on this dick and take his cum while blowing a load
in the big man's ass.  Timing was everything. "Come on big man, I want you
to give me your cum while I give you mine. Shoot for me."  Kevin had a free
right hand and swatted Tyrone's ass with it. Kevin instantly regretted
smacking his sergeant, but Tyrone let out a big. `Ohhh god' and Kevin knew
that he was about to shoot his cum into Kevin`s mouth. Kevin released his
cum into Tyrone's fuck tunnel. Kevin`s mouth and throat were overwhelmed by
how much white goo shot out of Tyrone's cock.

Both men lost their ability to speak for a moment. Kevin because his mouth
was full and Tyrone because he was just plain speechless and catching his
breath. More than 30 seconds went by when Kevin heard "Oh my god. I could
feel every blast out of your dick. That was amazing." said Tyrone with
halted breathing.

"thanks for feeding me all your cum, that was delicious. I don't think I'm
gonna need dinner." announced Kevin. Then he leaned up over the large black
body and gently kissed his Sergeant. Even gave him a little tongue. They
both smiled at one another.

"That was pretty special." Tyrone whispered. "you know what you're doing,
kid."

"Hey Anton, you okay up there? Still have both hands on the wheel?" Tyrone
asked.

"Uhhh... no sir." Anton responded. " I was busy watching a porn channel in
my rearview mirror. Couldn't help it. It was a great movie."

Kevin asked, "did you shoot?"

"No, not yet" Anton said.

Kevin jumped up and climbed into the front passenger seat, saying "here,
let me help you with that. You really do need to have both hands on the
wheel."

I didn't take long. Kevin's tongue started licking up Anton's big shaft,
rising to the middle of the steering wheel. Any truck driver passing by
would certainly have been able to watch the action. Kevin certainly didn't
give a crap. Anton was a man possessed with blowing off his load so he
didn't care either. Kevin, realizing how close the driver was to an orgasm,
took the entire head of Anton's cock into his mouth while he took
possession of his shaft. Anton didn't want to give up touching his own
junk, Kevin said "keep your fucking eyes on the road dude" and swatted away
Anton's hand. "I've got this. Sucking and jacking Anton's dick made the man
moan. Less than two minutes later, Anton blew into Kevin's mouth.

"So good," Anton stated. "Kind of the perfect way to start this weekend,
don't you think Tyrone?"

Tyron replies, "Yeah... listen. I'm a little high right now from what just
happened. Give me a few..."

Kevin and Anton looked at each other quickly and kind of giggled, in a
muffled sort of way.

"Hey, Anton," Kevin changed the subject. "Who's in charge while you and the
Sergeant are away?"

"Private Miller is in charge at the house and Corporal Lansford is In
charge at the 1st Sergeant's office."

"Would It bother you for me to call Tom now?" Kevin asks Anton.

"No, that's fine, but this is no man's land out here, you might have
difficulty getting a signal." Replies Anton.

Kevin locates his phone and dials Corporal Tom Lansford's mobile phone. "Hi
Kevin. Everything all right?" Tom asks of the caller.

"Having a blast or two if you know what I mean.?" Kevin says in thinly
veiled code. "How are you my friend? Do you miss me yet?

"I do. Of course I do. I don't have anything to suck on when you're not
here."

"You know what, if it's easier for you, you are completely welcome to stay
in my tiny apartment if you want." Kevin offers. "You might be surprised by
what you find there. You know most of the guys by now. Go have dinner with
Lucas or Noah and you might be pleasantly occupied."

"Really?" Tom asks, "You would be okay with that?"

"Of course, as long as you don't fall in love with someone else," Kevin
states. "I'm gonna be back Monday evening. I'd love to see you then."

"Me too, baby." Tom answers.

... another chapter coming soon.

---

Untitled (Chapter 34)

Date: Thu, 27 Mar 2025 16:30:21 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 26

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at

SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing you.

Kevin Jones - New Orders 26


Day 13	1300


Greg, Anton, Kevin and Tom all came back together for the wrap up planning
meeting in the dining room table

"Okay," says Anton, "Greg and I got some stuff at Home Depot. There is some
new gear getting deployed around here. It'll be ready before the party. The
sling is up as well as some other things.

Greg says, "Yeah I just need a little help Anton, lifting some things, like
hanging chains"

Tom says, that he's "...got some shopping to do before the party. Is anyone
planning to get to the Supermarket? I've got a small list of things to pick
up. I can help."

Anton volunteers, "but I need to go shopping and return back here before
too long. Remember that we're putting out the beer at 1700. That's only 4
hours from now."

Anton reports that the 1st Sergeant is going to bring a Dom Buddy of his
named `Big Brian.'

Kevin says, "awesome. That will add a bit of excitement.  Greg, can you
show me what you're putting up?"

Greg responds, "Of course, It's your party. But I must say we're all kind
of excited to help make it happen."

They adjourn, Tom pulls Anton aside and tells him about what Sergeant Brown
is contributing, like beer and chips and a birthday cake.

"Have an idea." Says Tom. "Let's get big fat candles for the cake and then
after we serve the cake to Kevin when he's all tied down in the sling or
the bondage table, a few of us grab the burning candles and drip wax all
over him. That would be a birthday surprise for sure."

"I love it. Let's do that," says Anton. "Did you order the cake?

" I did" Tom answered. "I also ordered a couple of extra pizzas. Sergeant
Brown is paying for it along with an extra few cases of beer. We need to
pick up the pizzas at The Pizza Place about 20 minutes away, so one of us
should go do that and we should divide up the shopping so we can get it
done in time.

"Are you comiing in leathers?" Anton asked

"I am. I only have an old harness and boots, but I'm gonna wear em." Said
Tom

"By the way, Tom, it seems that Brown and his buddy might be really into
piss. Just so you know." Anton tells him.

Tom just smiles.

Anton asks, "Tom can you ask Sergeant Brown if he or Big Brian has a
Flogger we can borrow for the party?

"I will," says Tom


Greg shows Kevin around, staring in the House Gym. "We got the sling
hung. But we still need to adjust it to the average height. We have a
second sling that we can hang if you think we need it."

"You know, it might be good to have one sling set up a little lower than
the other so that everyone gets involved." Kevin suggests. 
"We're seeing up the bondage table here. It will have rope and attachment
points all over it be this evening."

"But come in here and check this out." Greg is pleased to show Kevin, "we
got a St Andrews Cross built in the dressing room in case anyone wants to
get flogged. Have you ever been flogged?" Greg asks Kevin.

"No, but I really want to... have you?" Kevin asks

"I have. I loved it." Greg said. "The longer and harder the Dom flogs, the
more subby the boy gets. It's wonderful. You can really go deep into sub
headspace.

"Thank you so much, Greg, for doing all of this. I can't thank you enough."
Kevin said

"Actually you could. I'm kind of hoping you'll fuck me or at least eat my
ass when I'm in the sling." Greg shared his fantasy. "I really want to get
into it tonight. I've been thinking about doing something like this with
all of these guys for a long time. You come in and make it happen. I think
a lot of these guys feel the same way. I know that Sergeant Brown has a big
old horse cock. Only a couple of the guys here have seen it and they all
want to see it in use.  His buddy, Big Brian is a Dom too and he might be
fun to meet.

"We're only like a couple hours before it starts. I can't wait."

"Greg adds, "by the way... Happy Birthday!"

_____________________________


Day 13 1500


Kevin's Fuck Party


Private Jones tells Greg that he's headed for the Nutrition Bar for a
protein bar. Greg laughs and says, "you're going to have so much anally
injected protein by the end of the night that you won't need any more
protein for a week."

"Just thought I should have something on my stomach since I'm about to
start cleaning out." Kevin tells Greg. "I really haven't had almost
anything to eat today, I'm so excited and nervous about the party."

"We have pizza coming around 4 I think. And beer." Greg smiles as he says
that. "I think we're going to find out how many of the guys are truly into
piss tonight. Some of these boys may just stay in the shower ready to drink
tonight. Especially when they find out this big bodybuilder guy loves
piss."

"Really," says Kevin, "maybe you'll find me in the shower too."

Greg and Kevin tinker around the play spaces getting ready for the
evening. Nobody knows how long the play will last. The two men chat about
the very hot group piss porn they've seen online. One boy in the middle of
the group gets pissed on and then they all jack off on him. "It's very
sexy. I've had dreams about that," Kevin tells Greg, "but it only lasts
like 15 or 20 minutes."

Greg says, "Yeah, but that's because that's how long they edited the
movie. I'll bet that those guys just do it for the money. If they do it
because they love doing it then it might last for hours. I think our boys
will love doing it because they love it. Look how much piss you can drink
in one evening. You inspired all of us to drink it again. Everybody here
loved how much you were enjoying it. I think these boys are ready to play,
Kevin. You know, you haven't yet been assigned as an ambassador with a
client yet. You'll see, it's very fun watching these guys enjoy themselves,
but sometimes it only goes on for 30 or 40 minutes. Great sexy fun, like I
expect we'll see tonight, that can go on for hours and hours. You'll
see. We're all jacked and ready for this, Kevin.

"Go take a nap for a bit and then get ready in about an hour. I'll take
care of all the last minute adjusting stuff." Greg tells Kevin "Really, go
take a nap. You'll thank me later" By the way, Kevin, at 1600 I want you to
take this caffeine pill. I will be taking one too. It'll help you keep
going at least until 2200.

At 1640 Kevin reappears, goes downstairs and cleans out. He loves to be
cleaned out. He's proud of his ass and doesn't want to get embarrassed. He
dries off, grabs a beer and walks back upstairs to put on his harness and
boots, nothing else. He jacks his dick up just a little to fluff it up, get
slightly hard. And then he takes a leather strap and ties it on his right
bicep to make certain that everyone knows he's a sub and he's ready for
action. He walks slowly downstairs, still drinking his beer. And is met by
Private Owen West and Private Dana White. Both of them, also naked with
boots put their arms around Kevin and give him a big wet kiss. Owen has a
leather tie on his right wrist. As the two men kiss Kevin, they feel down
his neck, back and arms and eventually his beautiful butt. Dana says "your
boots are beautiful, Private Jones. I hope we get together this evening."

Kevin is confident but a little taken back by the instant approach of these
two hot men. "I hope so too, Sexy men. I plan to keep going as long as
anyone else is. So I'm sure we will have a change to mingle some more."
Both men put their arms around his head and shoulders and kiss him
again. "Go check the slings in the gym." Then they let go and continue to
explore.

Private Joey Reynolds and his buddy, Private Tim Butler come up and wish
Kevin a Happy Birthday. Joey says, "my birthday gift to you is Tim's
ass. But you don't have to use it tonight, you can use it anytime you
want."

Kevin accepted the hugs from the two men saying "Your gift is so
thoughtful. I'll be happy to accept it. Go grab a beer or two and look
around"

Private Jake Jenson came over to tell Kevin that he misses sucking the
Privates cock in the mornings and to call whenever he needs a
blowjob. Kevin kisses him on the cheek

Private Anthony Jackson comes by with Private Paul Porter, both are wearing
their black boots and some leather. Jackson is wearing a leather bar vest
and Porter is wearing a leather jock. "You both look so hot in your
leathers. Thanks for wearing it." Says Kevin.

Jackson and Porter both put their hands on Kevins body. Jackson starts to
play with his nipples a bit. Gets Kevin a little hard. Porter slides his
hands down to Kevin's ass and crack and Jackson says, can we go play a
little? We can, but I'm kind of greeting everyone for the moment.

Just then, Corporal Tom Lansford enters from Apartment 14. "I had to change
in your room since I couldn't walk across the base with no pants on."

"That's just fine." Kevin says.

"Just a warning.. I also told the Sergeant he could use your room to
change. Sorry." Says Tom.

"Stay here, I'm gonna go ask Anton if there's an empty apartment to change
in." Kevin says.

"You stay here and greet your guests, I'll find Anton." Says Tom

"But most of the guests live here already." Kevin points out.

A moment later, 6ft 3inch First Sergeant Tyrone Brown enters the front door
using his thumb print, followed by his friend `Big Brian' the kinky muscle
building Dom.

"Good evening Sir" said Private Jones.

"Good evening Private." Said the Sergeant "Permission to speak freely in
your home, Private?

"Permission granted sir." Keven smiled and shook his hand.

"Jones, thank you for having us," says Brown. " This is my friend
Brian. We've both been excited by your invitation. I need to just lay out
the rules for tonight. Tonight we're friends. I hope to get my hands all
over you. And you can do the same. You can swear and piss and do anything
that you would do with these other guys. I'm not pulling rank and will not
hold anything against you. Can you do the same?

"I can... and will." Kevin added.

"Good, having said that, I'm pretty much a pervert. I love sex and I love
fucking and I love piss. My friend, Brian, here is pretty much the same. We
both like to play rough, is that okay?

"I'm looking forward to it. I think all the men here are."

Tom shows up and says, let me take you to a changing room, Sir," Tom says

"Tom... no SIR tonight. The Sergeant says

"That might be a difficult habit to break." Tom says. "Plus, I really like
addressing you as Sir."

"Okay, I won't hold it against you. By the way Tom I've never seen you au
natural. Nice package." Brown says

"Follow me Sir... I mean, um Tyrone. Apartment 15 is open.

The men continue to gather around the Dining room and Kitchen area, as
that's where the Pizza and Chips and Beer have been set out. And the men
are excited for a bite of food. Certainly eying the cases of beer. "Help
yourselves men."

Tom steps up to Kevin and says. "The Sergeant supplied extra beer and pizza
for your party"

As the Sergeant and his buddy step into the dining room in their boots,
harnesses and Brian in his leather cop cap, Tom says, "Kevin, I think you
should introduce the guests."

Private Jones step forward, naked, harness, boots and says loudly
"Gentlemen, please come over this way for a moment. You all know The 1st
Sergeant. Here are his rules for the evening. He tells me that there is no
rank here this evening. Nothing will be held against us. I believe him. He
supports this unit all year long and tonight he wants to play amongst us. I
believe we should honor that. I think every single one of us should play in
kind. In other words, let's all play equal. And this equally big guy is
known as "big Brian" in the gay clubs and I'm told that's he's probably
just as kinky as me. And you guys all know that I'm pretty fucking kinky.

Big Brian say "More so... I'm more kinky than Kevin."

Kevin whispers in Browns ear. "Want to get really loose tonight and have
fun?" Brown nods. "You like piss?"

"I love piss."

"Follow me." Tyrone Brown follows Kevin Jones into the showers, and
everybody is watching thru the glass walls. "Sit on the floor and open your
mouth" Brown does and Kevin pisses right into his mouth and continues to
piss while Brown visibly swallows. When he's done, and the group just
stands there watching, Kevin squats on the tile floor and says "feed me."
And Brown pisses into Kevin mouth and he swallows and then swallows again
and again. The guys are all going nuts with this and a bunch of them come
into the shower room and start to piss and drink.

Kevin says loudly, "I'm still thirsty." And the boys turn their attention
to Jones and piss all over him and down his throat..

Jones dries off and then says, let's drink more beer. And he goes and pops
one open, hands it to Brown. He grabs a couple more and pops one open for
Brian. And one for himself.  "Let me know when you've worked up some
piss. I want to taste it.

"You bet Kevin." 6'4" Brian grabs Kevins harness from the back and yanks
his body toward him. Brian lays a big kiss on Kevin. Goes right for the big
tongue. Makes out with Jones for a couple of minutes and says, "how are you
going to serve me tonight?" Kevin almost swallows his own tongue. "Listen
Brian, we can play, I'd like that, but this is my Birthday party. I'm here
to play with everyone here. But right now I'll suck your dick."

Kevin squats in the shower and raises up on his knees to get up to Brian's
cock. "Let's get this hard, Brian" Kevin is the cock sucking king and get
Brian up to full staff, pretty quickly. "Stay right there Brian." Kevin
runs 20 feet and opens another beer for Big Brian. His hefty 9 1/2" dick is
enjoying the air.

"Feels good kid, keep it up. Hey, I like the warm beer, it makes me want to
piss. I love to piss."

Tim Butler comes by to watch Kevin suck this big guys cock. Kevin jacks it
a little bit and talks with Tim. "Come here Tim, help me suck this big
cock. It's really delicious." Tim comes up close and takes one side of
Brian's cock and licks it like a big sucker. "Isn't that delicious? Do you
like Piss, Tim?

"I do like piss." Tim tells Kevin.

"Me too Tim. I a few minutes Brian is going to feed you some piss. So you
stay here and suck his dick until he feeds you. I have to go take care of
something and I'll be right back." Kevin tells him.

Kevin goes and finds Brown. "Are the boys giving you what your want,
Tyrone?"

"I'm pretty happy." Says Brown while sitting in a chair in the dining room
while somebody is sucking his big dick, but he doesn't know who.

"I'm hoping you will fuck me at some point tonight," Jones says softly into
Brian's ear.

"I think you can count on that Jones.

"Your dick looks pretty big." Without removing from the sucking mouth,
Kevin grabs the shaft and strokes is a couple of times. It's really shaped
beautifully. I want it in my ass.

Tyrone looked up at him and smiled.

"You like to play rough Kevin?"

"I think so, a lot of stuff is new to me. Like, there's a cross a couple of
rooms down I'd love to get flogged. I think I'd like to get paddled. I
think I'd like to get slapped a bit. I fantasize about it. But I don't
really know yet.

"Brian's into all that."

Well, I'm going to get one more beer and then I'm gonna crawl into a
sling. Come find me," says Kevin.

Kevin downs the beer and then, feel the urge to piss, he goes back into the
shower where Tim is still sucking on Brian's big dick.

"Did he feed you yet?" Asks Kevin.  Tim shakes his head no.

"Okay, you keep sucking on his dick but open your mouth. Tim Opens is mouth
and Kevin pisses on Big Brian's cock inside of Tim's mouth.

"That's great says Brian. I like that. The kid's a good cocksucker."

"Why don't you feed him your load, Brian? That's what he wants."

"Oh, I was waiting for you to come back."

"Timmy, suck his dick harder, he needs to shoot in your mouth now." Timmy
nods.

On the way to the sling, Kevin grabs Tom and says, "Come fuck me. I want
you to be the first sling fuck"

"Really? I'd love that."

"Kevin stops Tom and says, "I hope you're having as much fun as I am. I'm
so glad that you're here with me. Come on," and Kevin takes Tom's hand and
pulls him into the gym where the sling is hanging. And before he pulls
himself up into the sling he says to Tom "I know that I forgot to ask you,
and you might have other plans, but I'd love it if you were in my bed when
I wake up in the morning. But for now, please fuck me. Show `em all who
owns this hole."

Tom kneels down and licks at Kevin's hole. He takes a little lube out of
the pot hanging from the chain and he smears it around Kevins Hole and then
IN. Right in. Tom fingers his hole kind of hard. Kind of taking Kevins
directions to heart, showing them all who owns this hole. Tom does. At
least his finger does at the moment. Tom fixes the stirrups on Kevin's
boots and then strokes his dick to get ready for entry. "Hey Owen... would
you please get down on your knees and licks Tom's balls for a couple of
minutes. I need him to get hard. It only takes a few minutes and Tom says
"thanks Owen" before he plunges his big dick into Kevin's hole.

Tom goes in hard, he reaches up while thrusting his dick and he grabs
Kevin's left nipple, slowly at first and then really hard. And he does't
let go. "ahhhh that hurts." Then Tom slaps his face hard, "how about that?

"Yes that hurts," Kevin responds

"Well, good, then you're getting what you wanted for your Birthday, aren't
cha?"

"I guess I am." Said Kevin.

Tom continues to slam into Kevin's ass.

Now that Kevin is in the sling, a line of 4 guys are waiting their turn to
fuck the Birthday Boy. Tom doesn't cum but decides to come back later. As
Tom step away, saying "I'll be back in a while." The next man, Noah,
already bones up and ready, slides his dick into Kevin's ass.

"Fuck me hard Noah. I need this."

As Noah got into his rhythm, he says "that was really brave what you did
with the Sergeant."

"You mean me pissing on him?

"Yeah" answers Private Peltski.

"I asked him if he likes piss first. He told me that he did. He also said
that nothing would be held against me or any of us." Said Kevin defensively

"Yeah, but this is still the army...," says Peltski, "Hey, you really have
a nice ass. I haven't had a good fuck in a couple of months. Maybe we
should celebrate more birthdays around here. Kevin smiled big

"Noah... fuck me harder. I want to feel you shoot inside my ass when you
cum." Sure enough Noah sped up and shot a nice load in Kevin's ass about 4
minutes later.:

"That was great." Said Noah. "Who's next?" David White steps in
plops his cock right on Kev's slightly opened hole. "Ready when you are",
said Private White

"Go for it." Kevin says. "I'm into the rhythm of it now. Pump it for a
minute then pound my ass."

"You got it Boss." Responded Private White. "Ohhhhh, nice ass, Private
Jones." David pumps for a while then says "It's really nice to get to even
chat with you. There are so many guys here who look up to you. But they
kind of revere you. Like they don't want to hurt you."

"Do you want to hurt me, Private?"

Kinda. I like it rough. I mean, I certainly don't want to do damage to you,
but maybe slap you around a little. I think that'd kind of fun... if you're
into it." Says White.

"I'd like for you to tie my hands up with rope in the room where the Cross
is. I'll suck your dick for a few mins and then you start to complain about
my blowjob and then slap me around a little. Make me eat your ass. I hope
you're cleaned out. We can tell them it's acting afterward. I want to get
everyone's juices flowing a bit.

"Sure okay," says Private White. "Meet you over there in like half hour?"

 Next fucker in line is Private Bill Palmer. "Hello Private Palmer. You
want a taste? Kevin asks.

"You bet. You have such a pretty ass. I can't help but want to get my dick
up inside. If you got time later, I'd love to swap some piss with you."

"You know me Palmer, any chance I get to drink a sexy man's piss, I'm
there. And I'm feeling pretty thirsty tonight." Says Private Jones. "I'm
gonna need a little lube for you to stick your dick in there."

Palmer says smiling, "And here I was thinkin that you'd have so much cum up
there that I wouldn't need any lube."

Private Palmer finished, patted Kevin on his chest and landed over and
kissed him. "Catch you in the showers, buddy."

Next up to bat is Greg Miller

"You miss my ass, don't you?" Kevin chided the Blond Trainer.

"My cock always likes hiding out in your ass, my friend. I love fucking
you." Miller pointed out.  "I was lucky to get to be your first fuck here,
but I definitely want more."

Kevin sees Tom walking to the kitchen for another beer. "Tom, grab a beer
for me too, please." Tom fetches the beer for the Birthday Boy. "Thank
you... give me a kiss." Tom leans forward and Kevin reaches up and holds
Toms head in place so he has to continue the kiss. Stay with me for a few
minutes

"Get in there Private." Kevin responds, "Make me feel it. I want you to cum
in my ass."

"Fuck you," Greg says with a big smile, "You want everyone here to cum in
your ass."

"Yeah, I guess that's true," Kevin smiles back. "You know me too well."

Greg pushes Kevin's knees even higher up in the sling to get his dick in
deeper and then he pile drives his fuck. When he pulls out he continues to
dribble cum on Kevin's balls. When he sees Brown stepping in behind him,
Greg mutters "fuck" under his breath. He is clearly impresses with the
musculature of this big man who is revealing his big fucking dick right in
front of him. `Holy shit' is written all over Greg's face.

"You said you wanted to watch this" Kevin said to Tom.

Tyrone Brown steps up.  "I need to get hard for this...it takes awhile for
all the blood to flow to my cock. I want you to give me head for a few
minutes. I hear that you're an expert."

"You stay right here. I need your moral support right now," he says to Tom
who's standing next to the head of the sling. "Just watch."

"Hey Greg, don't leave. This dick needs some heavy lifting, says Kevin as
he slides out of the sling. I need some team effort on this. We know how to
do this, don't we?" Kevin holding up Tyrone Brown's 14 Inch BBC, Greg and
Kevin begin to lick on both sides, Kevin slowly jackin his shaft and Greg
playing with the Golf Ball sized testicles. Both men Jacking his cock like
they were changing a tire... Kevin finally takes the head of Tyrone's cock
in his mouth, sort of... it took a couple of attempts. But he achieved it
while Greg licked and sucked on his balls. When the dick was fully inflated
Kevin jumped back up into the sling. Greg stayed below feeling Tyrone's
muscular thighs and balls. When Kevin was in place Tyrone pushed his dick
in like he was launching a boat. One big push and he kept driving
forward. Greg jumped up and was feeling Tyrone's very muscular chest and
arms while he was pumping into Kevin's ass. "Oh my god. What a fabulous
ass" Tyrone said.

Kevin said, "Oh my God, indeed. I've never had anything this huge in my
chute. It feels great though. Keep going."

"I've been told that after I fuck a guys ass, they'll only be satisfied
with an arm afterward." Tyrone jested... Kevin that wasn't the case. "I'm
guessing that Tom's big cock won't get lost in there, will it Tom?" Greg
kept worshiping the big man's arms. And when he stopped, Brown said, "I
didn't tell you to stop, did I? Don't you wander off."

Tyrone started building up steam and he even got a little sweaty as he
fucked Private Jones beautiful, muscular ass. They were both into it. Kevin
was riding it back, like the sling was a teeter-totter, Both men groaning
and grunting as they moved toward their orgasm. Kevin was not working
toward his orgasm, but as Tyrone continued his onslaught on Jones's ass,
Keven could feel his need to orgasm grow, right up inside his balls. The
sub boys dick becoming longer and harder as Tyrone pounded his tender
hole. And when Tyrone shot his first volley up Kevin's chute, he could feel
it. So strong that cum was rising up Kevin's tube like it was a thermometer
on a hot day. The juices had nowhere to go but up. Kevin grabbed his cock
for the first time since he climbed into the sling. Tyrone's ejaculations
kept coming, maybe 6 or 7 major shots in Kevin's ass. Kevin was done
cumming too, even though that wasn't his plan. But it was great because it
was powerful. There was nothing to be done but ride out his orgasm.

Both men loved it.

Tyrone Brown turned to Greg Miller and said, "I like that worshipping thing
you were just doing while I was fucking Jones. Let's go find a place where
you can continue that. Follow me." They went and found a big cushy chair in
the Family Room. Both men were in heaven. Greg sucked and licked Tyrone's
nipple and when Greg moved Tyrone's huge arms up over his head and then
began to lick out his arm pit, Tyrone started moaning and rocking back and
forth. After a while of Greg worshipping the big black man, they started
kissing and slobbering on each other. They were both into it. Tyrone loved
the Attention and the service. Greg loved the embrace of the big man. The
little boy found his big muscular bear of a daddy.

Kevin, still laying in the sling, grabs Tom's face and kisses him
again. "Will you go check my ass to see if it's still in working order,
please. Tom kisses him again and then checks out his ass hole.

"Looks good to me. Hey, you know I've been fantasizing about fisting
you. Seems like this might be a good time." Kids Tom.

Kevin smiles and fires back, "shut up". Both men smiling. But Tom casually
puts most of his hand in Kevin's hole anyway. "Feels nice." I'm up for
taking your fist, baby, but I'd rather do that in private, I think."

"I'm gonna go into the dressing room." Kevin says to Tom. "There's a cross
in there I want to get hooked up to. You feel like flogging your boy?"

Kevin and Tom grab another beer and walk around the house a little to get a
feel for the mood of the men. Kevin wants to raise the energy level.

Kevin and Tom look over to watch Greg still servicing Tyrone. Greg has the
big man's legs pulled up to his chest and Greg is happily eating out
Tyrone's ass. Kevin and Tom look at each other with Large, full faced
Grins.

On the way back to the dressing area, these to naked men stop in the shower
to see what kind of action is happening there. Big Brian has a couple of
the men on the floor pissing down their throats, telling them that they
make good urinals. "Let's get wet," Kevin says to Tom. They both go inside
the shower. "Do you have to piss?" Kevin asks Tom. Tom nods. "Feed me."
Kevin gets own on his knees and takes Tom's dick into his mouth, and
proceeds to suck on Tom's cock as he's feeding him.

"Oh my God, Kevin... that's amazing. Where did you learn that?" Tom asks.

Kevin waits to answer him as his mouth is full. "I'm a good cocksucker. And
now I'm a good piss drinker. I'm just combining my talents," he says as
Kevin takes Tom's dick back in his mouth... encouraging Tom to continue
feeding him piss. "I love your piss so much. I could do this all night."

"Try some of mine," says Brian. "I love a good urinal boy." Brian doesn't
wait for Tom to be finished, he simply starts pissing all over Kevin's face
and body... and hair. "Suck my cock boy, now that my big cock is in your
mouth. No reason not to take advantage of the moment, eh boys?"

"Tom, his piss tastes pretty good, join me for a cock-tail?" Kevin asks
"beer piss always tastes great. "How many beers have you had, Brian?"

"Probably about 10. But Tyrone is driving... and I love to piss." Brian
explains

"Wow, that is so good," Tom says WHILE Brian pisses in his mouth. The two
men continue to bathe in Brian's piss, but soon he goes dry. "I'm pretty
sure this is a temporary outage. Let go see what else is going on.

They head for the changing room where the St Andrews cross is attached to
the wall. "Have you ever flogged a boy, Tom?"

No. But I think somebody else should do this. It'll be fun to watch."

Anton steps forward. "You ready for this?" Keven nods. "Okay, put this
wrist and ankle straps on. I'll go grab the flogger."

"Are you guys done with the sling now?" Anton asks.

"Fuck no. I want to get blindfolded and tied down." Kevin replies. Tom
raises his eyebrows as he considers this.

Kevin steps up to the cross, facing it. Anton puts a no eyes hood over his
head and then attaches the wrist and ankle restraints to the Cross. "Ready
for this, boy?" Anton says loudly, perhaps to draw everyone's attention to
the center ring, like at a circus.

"Yes," Kevin says hesitantly. "I think so." His dick growing hard again in
anticipation.

Anton begins slowly, flicking the flogger across his butt, his back, his
legs... just to get his skin warmed up a bit. Then he actually starts to
flog the boy. Much harder. Continuing on over and over for at least 15
minutes. He got seriously hard and Kevin was loving the sub head space that
he was entering once again. Anton stopped for a couple of minutes and went
over to check on Kevin. He was fine, but was very appreciative of the
slight touches Anton made to his back and butt. Anton kissed him on the
back of his neck. Kevin whimpered a little. Anton started up again,
flogging the boy for another few minutes. Anton went harder than last
time. He know what he was doing. Harder and faster, really clobbering the
boy with the flogger until Kevin started to cry. Anton stopped, put the
flogger down and went over to the cross and unhooked Kevin. He left the
hood on him as Anton put his arms around Kevin and then pulled the hood off
to reveal Kevin weeping and sniffling, his arms around Anton, "Thank you
sir. I loved that. So much, Sir. Please hold me for a couple of
minutes... okay" But Anton waved over Tom and told Tom to put his arms
around Kevin and talk to him.

"I was here for all of that," Tom told him. "I watched you decend into sub
headspace. It was beautiful, Kevin. You were beautiful. With Kevin's arms
around Tom's shoulders, Kevin holds his face into Tom's neck, kissing
him. Tom takes Kevin's head and lifts it up, facing him, they go into a
full French kiss. Everybody gathered around and watching this take
place. It was as though a moment where everyone wants to applaud it but
everyone knew not to.

"Hey, boyfriend. Let's go sit down for a few minutes." Tom suggests. "Let's
go into the Family Room. They sit with arms around each other.

As they go to sit on the couch, they see that Greg is now kissing Tyrone
while sitting on his half boned naked lap. These guys have four empty cans
of beer each sitting on the coffee table in front of them.  Totally into
each other as if unaware of anything going on around them. Greg says, "I
want your cock, big man."

"Let's go back to the Cross. You want to try it? I loved it." Kevin
enthused.

"I'm not sure." Tom said.

"Okay, but let's see what other trouble we can get into. This might be a
one time thing ya know? We need to take advantage of it.

Most of the other men of the house we also taking advantage of the
party. Most were making out with men that they've admired for some
time. Lot's of cock sucking. Lot's of nipple play. Most of the guys were
feeling asses and cracks that they haven't had the courage to grab
before. It was like a very exclusive sex club, with all the hottest
guys. Everyone had their eyes on Kevin Jones, because everyone wanted a
shot at him in some form.

You know, Kevin, I do know that I have a Tiger by his Tale with you. I know
that every male here is jealous of you being here with me. I know that they
all want to fuck you, if they haven't already and the other still want to
fuck you even tonight. So, Kevin," Tom explains "I know that the more I
hold you back the more you'll want to play harder. So, I'm not going to try
to stop you. But I do enjoy watching you in action. And I know that I'll be
in your bed again soon. So, don't hold back because of me, okay?"

"I'm actually not feeling pressured by you. I'm crazy about you like nobody
else here. But, yes, I do want to get fucked by every guy here. I'd love
for you to come back to the sling again if you want to fuck me. Or we can
go back into the showers, OR... I'd be really happy to suck your dick right
here, if you want. In fact, what if I were to eat your ass here on the
couch, get you hard and then follow me back over to the sling where you can
fuck me again. Would you like that?

"I think I would." Tom told him. "I love being at a sex party where
everyone is already naked."

Kevin Jones kisses Tom and then grabs his ankles and tells Tom to hold them
back and out so that he can get his face right into Tom's very sexy
ass. "I'm going in," says Kevin as he smiles up to Tom, smiling back.
Kevin's tongue goes right up Tom's butt hole. Kevin using his fingers and
tongue with great enthusiasm. Not just his hole, but his taint and his
balls. The whole kit is in Kevin's sights. He wants Tom's dick hard. It's a
beautiful cock and Kevin wants both Greg and Tyrone to see this prize
package in use. Kevin is very proud of this relationship. Tom's dick is big
to start with, but it's a shower and a grower. Kevin licks and kisses Tom's
starfish, balls, shaft, head and he jerks and handles it all in an effort
to make it grow big.

Kevin looks over at Tyrone, who has been watching the action, and says,
"doesn't Tom have a beautiful dick?"

Tyrone says, "definitely. All the men here are spectacular. I'm so glad you
invited me to your birthday party. This one here," pointing to Greg, "is my
dream boy."

"Greg has been my weight trainer and friend, Tyrone. He's a really good
guy. Don't crush him. We need him." Says Kevin with a smile.

"Oh, I won't Kevin... I need him too."

Kevin leans into Tom's face. "You're ready to fuck me? Tom nods. "Come with
me," Kevin takes Tom by the hand over to the Sling area in the gym.

One of the slings is in use, Tim Butler is getting fucked by Joey
Reynolds. Kevin says, "hey Timmie, taking the big dick, are you? You love
his cock don't you Timmie?"

"Yes Sir, I do. He's my Dom, Sir." Says Timmie. Joey doesn't stop fucking
him but kind of shrugs his shoulders.

"Is this sling saved for anyone?" Kevin jokes as he squats to suck Tom's
dick once more to make it a little harder before crawling backwards into
the sling. "Baby, I need your cum. Please fuck me now."

Tom's cock is harder this time than it was when he stuck it in Kevin's ass
earlier in the evening. `Maybe he's just a little more comfortable with all
of this now, after a couple of beers. Or maybe it was the Cialis kicking
in. Anyway, both men were really getting into the fuck. "Your dick is
magic, big boy," Kevin told him.

It was only a few minutes later, after Tom empties his balls into Kevin's
ass, that the lights went out and all the men gathered around Kevin laying
in the sling. Everyone started singing Happy Birthday and a cake appeared
with Candles Burning. Big fat candles. Kevin blew them out.

Anton came out with a slave collar with a tiny bow on it, This is to
complete your leather outfit, Anton put it around his throat and cinched it
up, "This and the hood that I put over your head earlier are my presents
for you. And then some of the lights came back on, but it was now decidedly
a little darker. A couple of the boys attached his wrist restrains and
ankle restrains to attachment points already on the chain that the sling is
suspended from. And then those big fat cake candles were relit and passes
out to a few of the men encircling his sling, including Tom and Anton. They
each began spilling the hot wax from the candles over his nipples and then
Anton spilled some across his arms. Tom spilled some on Kevins balls, which
both men loved.

Anton didn't pull the hood over his head because he wanted Kevin to have to
watch all of his friends spilling hot wax on various parts of his body. But
that event is over so the hood goes back on. This was his birthday wish:
hooded and tied down. The birthday boy was left in the sling, his asshole
exposed and waiting to receive a big dick. Private Garcia walked into the
party a little late and was given the lay of the land. "Kevin is waiting in
the sling in the gym... no waiting. Armando Garcia jacked his dick a few
times as he walked into the gym. He saw the opportunity and he went right
in. "Hi Kevin. I've been wanting to fuck you for a while now." Garcia stuck
his cock in. "That feels so good, Your hole is warm and kinda squishy."

Anton, still in his assless chaps and harness, was in the Family room,
escorting Sergeant Zelsky to a room where he should take off his
uniform. The large, muscular officer Rivaled Big Brian. Zelsky has an
impressive appendage, which no one will have missed if they've seen it.

"Come into the Family Room over here when you're ready." Directs Anton.

Zelsky comes down wearing only his boots and an arm band on his Left
Arm. "Hey buddy, how are you? Been awhile." Says Brown. "Sit down for a
minute. Here we are again. You look like you need a beer and blow job. Hey
Anton, could you grab a beer for your guest please? "Greg, I need you to
suck this Gentleman's dick for a few minutes, get him into the party mood,
okay? Brown explains to his friend Zelsky and he's told all the men that
there is no rank at this event and that nothing will be held against
them. This should be called the house of Kink, Zel... but you could have a
really fun evening if you wanted to.

Like what are you talking about? "Well, I got into the shower and got
pissed on. I've always liked that but I don't have too much opportunity
like that here in Utah, you know?"

After just a few minutes Zelsky was a sufficiently plumped up. Anton steps
up and says, "I've got Kevin hangin out in a sling, wearing a hood so that
he won't see you first. I was hoping you'd be into our little Birthday
prank of you Fucking him before he knows that you're here. He has no idea
that you'll be here. Does that work for you?

Zelsky, stood up smiling. "Yeah, I can tell that you guys really like
Jones, don't you? All four of the men surrounding Zelsky nodded, saying
"yes"

And off Anton went, escorting Zelsky negotiatiing the small crowd. Everyone
stopped to admire Zelsky. He is an imposing figure, with an imposing cock.

When the two men came in and stood over the hooded Kevin, the energy in the
room changed. Armando Garcia had fucked the birthday boy but Kevin wasn't
excited by it.

Zelsky moved into between Kevin's restrained ankles. Anton pulled down the
small pot of lube and offered it to the very large man. The naked Zelsky
was preparing his very large dick by stroking it in earnest. He wanted to
be very hard. He was very turned on that Kevin was hooded and that this
would be a surprise visit. When he got his dick up to full size, he placed
his penis at the mouth of Kevin's chute and put his large left hand on
Kevin's chest.  Kevin's energy instantly changed from almost napping to
almost ready to bust. Kevin knew instantly that something was up and that
the hood over his head was preventing him from being able to see it.

The big man started to slowly enter Kevin's ass. Pressing forward into
Kevin's cavern. Slowly, deliberately, moving forward and up. Kevin could
feel that this wasn't an average cock. It felt different than the first
cock he'd been fucked by because he had taken so much time and care to get
stretched out. Zelsky could tell that his box was loosened up from the
first time his big cock had penetrated this hole.

Kevin, as though not to embarrass himself, suddenly and quietly blurted
"Zelsky?" His face smiling broadly that Jones could tell it was him just
from this dick in his ass. Anton pulled the hood off of Kevin's head just
as Zelsky hit bottom. "Oh... MY.... God!" I can't believe it. "Please don't
stop fucking me."

These two men bantered back and forth but only lightly as Zelsky's huge
dick continued to plough it's way through Kevin's guts. "Do you come out
here very often?" Kevin asked.

"Only 3, sometimes four times per year" Zelsky told him.

"Anton, can I be Zelsky's ambassador when he comes into town?" Kevin asked.

"We can look at that." Anton says

"Get into the fuck, Kevin, Zelsky orders him. I want you to cum when I do,
okay... ?"

"Yes Sir."

Tom sat off to the side watching all of this, listening to the
conversation, not really knowing what to think, but knowing that it will be
a topic of conversation soon. He can't stop eavesdropping.

Without even touching his dick, Kevin can feel the orgasm growing... the
sperm making its way up his balls into his urethra, which starts to swell
just like when he has to piss really bad. It's a good thing because he
likes that feeling. He can tell that he's working up to blowing his nut but
wants to wait for Zelsky so they can cum together. The din of the room is
partylike, but the men standing around the sling are listening more to
Zelsky's breathing than the party. A heavy sexual overtone permeates this
small group. A couple of guys get down on their knees to blow the guy next
to them. Others are jacking the guy next to them.

"Kevin, you good? Kevin nods. "I'm gonna fuck you harder now. I'm getting
ready to fire. I want you to feel it when I do." Zelsky speeds up his
thrusting into Kevin's ass. "It's still my favorite, Jones. You have a
great ass." Faster and faster he pumps and suddenly he fires off 5 major
blasts into Kevin's ass and Kevin can feel each of them. Kevin grabs his
cock and jacks it fast for about 10 seconds to get over the hump and blasts
3 loads, the first one hitting his face.

"That was fun, how many times have you blown a load tonight?" Asks Zelsky

"Only a couple. You and Tyrone. You know, the big boys," points out Kevin

Kevin sits up. "Remember when I told you that I loved you?"

"Yup," Zelsky remembers

"I owe you so much, Sir. You changed my life in so many ways I love it here
and I wouldn't have known anything about this place without your
recommendation. So Thank you.

Kevin asks Anton to let him out of the restrains. Anton fiddles with the
Carabiners while Kevin chats with Zelsky.

"Are you enjoying this, Kevin?" the Sergeant asks as Kevin jumps down from
the sling.

"I am. I love the men. I like the climate. I love our mission. But mostly,
there's this one guy that I really like a lot, his name is Tom. He's
Sergeant Brown's Corporal, so maybe your know him. Really smart, really
sexy, He lets me do what I want. I'm not rushing into anything, but I think
maybe we've got a future. Would you like to meet him?

Listening to this, Tom is about to swallow his tongue, he's so blown
away. He cannot believe what he just heard.

"I'd love to." Says Zelsky

"I'll go find him." Kevin says not realizing that Tom was only 2 feet in
back of his when he was in the sling.

Kevin grabs Toms hand and brings him back to meet Zelsky. "This is the guy
I was telling you about. This is Tom Lansford... Tom, this is Sergeant
Zelsky.  Have you met before?

Tom says "we've talked on the phone before."

"Tom, I once told him that I love him and he replied `You don't. Your ass
likes my cock' and when I thought about it I realized that was a big lesson
for me. I can't go around telling hot men that I'm in love with them. It
can cause problems. So I want you both to know that I consider to be among
my favorite men ever. I really don't even know any girls. I don't think I
want to." Kevin makes a cringy face.

All three men smile and chuckle. "Thank you Kevin," says Zelsky

"Kevin, I feel the same. Thank you." Says Tom "I want you to know that I'm
glad to have you in my life."

"So, Kevin, I heard that we all get to participate in giving you
swats. When does that happen?"

"ummmm, I guess you'll have to ask Anton," Kevin says.

Kevin turns to Tom and says, "I didn't know about that part."

"Perhaps you're not as In-Control as you think you are." Tom responded. He
goes and grabs Anton and brings him back over to the conversation with
Zelsky.

"The Sergeant here is asking when we get to dole out his Birthday Swats,"
Tom says

"Okay.... I'll get that organized." Anton runs up to his room to grabs the
paddle that he left up there, a box with cut up pieces of paper with
everyone's name on them, as well as some rope and a gag to keep a boys
mouth open. He comes back to the group and says," okay, Everybody gather
around. We have some games tonight. And in each case, Kevin Jones is the
prize." All the guys clap and hoot.. even whistle "Everyone who's here has
their name on a piece of paper. We're going to draw names and the winners
get to perform something specific on Kevin, of course, in front of
everybody. The activities to be performed are on these separate pieces of
paper. We will draw 4 names, after every name we will draw an activity to
be performed from this other box. Once all 4 are drawn we will begin. The
named winner cannot back out of their duty, Is that clear? Nobody gets to
be shy tonight. The games will commence immediately.

Anton asks Joey Reynolds to tie Kevin's wrists behind his back "With This
Piece of Rope". A couple of the guys grab Jones and bring him forward.

I encourage everyone to go grab a beer because you're gonna want to watch
all of this, Anton announces.

"The first participant is..." and Anton chooses Bill Palmer to pull out one
name. "David White. and the activity is... the other box is presented to
Zelsky who pics "10 minutes of Dominating Kevin Jones. You have 1 minute to
prepare."

David White pulls Kevin behind him and gets right in his face. "I don't
have any time to waste here boy. Start by licking my balls!" Kevin leans in
and starts licking his balls for all of 2 minutes. "get on your knees in
front of me" White spits on his face and slaps him pretty hard. Again, this
time knocking Kevin off balance but not toppling him over. "Lie Down boy"
David White grabs Jones by the balls, ignoring his semi stiff penis, and
starts to lightly smack him in the nuts. Kevin takes a couple of deep
breaths, and White, still holding Kevin's balls, gives him a little harder
of a punch. "you love that doncha boy? Tell me how much you love me smackin
your nuts. And then several more with increasing intensity. The crowd "Ohs
and ows" but White punches him once more in the balls hard and then
strattles Kevin, siting on his chest and leans over and Kisses him, very
unexpectedly for 2 minutes. "that was so good." White says "Your 10 minutes
are up" Kevin smiles at him and David White stands and help him up as his
wrists are still tied behind his back.

"Next participant is ... "Anton holds the box up to Greg Miller to pick a
name. "Arlo Thompson"

"oh shit, Arlo is out on assignment tonight. I forgot to remove his
name. Pick another, Lucas Smith... Anton holds the other box out to Tom
Lansford who picks "3 minutes to tie Kevin Jones to the massage table,
though we prefer to call it the `bondage table' followed by massaging him
any way you want for 12 minutes"

Lucky Lucas quickly grabbed some lengths of rope and began to get Kevin on
the table, lying face down. Lucas tied Kevin in such a way that his knees
were off the sides of the table and his butt hole was completely exposed
and open. Lucas attached the gag to Kevin's mouth and proceeded to spit on
Kevin's hole, and fingering it repeatedly for 3 minutes, eventually and
awkwardly climbing onto the table and fucking him, more for display than
for penetration, but it was fun to watch. Lucas spit on Kevin's ass several
more times and rubbed it into his skin and spanked him a few hard slaps
until his 12 minutes was up.

"That was great. Fun to watch, Lucas" Anton said as though on a game show.

"Next lucky participant is... "Anton holds the box out to Anthony Jackson
who picks "Paul Porter who will "Anton holds the second box out to
Sebastian Carter who chooses "getting orally serviced for 20
minutes... WHILE the entire group pisses on Kevin."

Kevin, with his wrists still bound says to Paul, "I never really noticed
how big your dick is. Very hot, you can feed me your piss to while I'm
servicing you. I love that.

Paul chooses to sit in the chair in the middle of the room and directs
Kevin's mouth to his balls and thighs... and then taint and then hole.
Paul has Jones on his back on the floor in a matter of 5 minutes and slowly
squatted over his face as he sat down. "eat me out." All the house boys
were pretty happily pissing all over Porter and Jones as they proceed. When
Porter was satisfied, he leans over, kisses Kevin and says. "You're gonna
suck me off now." Porter gets Jones back up on his knees and Porter sits in
the chair and says "do your job."

"Okay, your 20 minutes are up." But Kevin didn't stop. He continued to
service Paul Porter's big cock regardless of how much time it was going to
take. It turned out to only go about 3 minutes over the 20 minutes, but
Kevin got a tasty load in his mouth along with a continuous slow dribble of
piss coming from Porter's beautiful dick.

After coming in Kevin's mouth he leaned over in the chair and said,
"Thanks, that was really nice."

"Private, that was a really nice birthday present. Thanks. And... Anytime."
Said Kevin

"One more event, announces Anton to the crowd" Kevin Jones is now going to
get his Birthday swats. So, pick a name from this box who will do their
duty. Kevin reaches in the box and picks "Sergeant Zelsky."

Zelsky smiles pretty broadly. "I love to give swats. Kevin, get your
beautiful naked ass over here. Lean over the table here, grab the edge and
brace yourself. You know this is gonna hurt, right?"

"Yes Sir."

"You're 19 now, right?

"Yes sir"

Zelsky says loudly, "I want everyone to count `em out. Here we go.."

"ONE" Thwack! "TWO" Thwack! "THREE" Thwack! Private Reynolds yells HARDER!"

Zelsky says "okay"

"FOUR" THWACK!!  "FIVE" THWACK.  Zelsky says, "wow, that's getting really
Red, " as he rubs Kevin's ass.

"SIX" THWACK!!  "SEVEN". THWACK!! And the drama builds with the count of
each swat gets a little harder and the bystanders yell a little
louder. Zelsky is working the crowd with his large, imposing, naked,
dominant presence. He's all man. His cock responding to his own
excitement. He's really enjoying this scene with one of his most favorite
boys ever. His cock grows with each swat. The men of the house would follow
Zelsky over a cliff right at this moment, but right now he has a task to
complete. A task he's really enjoying.

"EIGHT" THWACK!!  "NINE" THWACK!!

Kevin is in pain. This really fuckin hurts. "Oh God!"

Zelsky stops "Shut your mouth boy.  No more outbursts or we start the count
again."

"Yes Sir"

After a few more swats Kevin starts tearing up. He can't help but gasp and
he cries. He's sniffling and crying...but with no words

"SEVENTEEN". THWACK!!!  "EIGHTEEN". THWACK!!  "NINTEEN" THWACK!

Everyone cheers. Kevin's in tears. Zelsky peels Kevin off the table and
stands him up. Kevin is bawling. He's lost control. Zelsky kisses him and
puts his arms around Kevin and tells him that he took it well. Kevin puts
his arms around Zelsky, and the two naked men hug one another. Kevin
reaches up and kisses The Sergeant on the lips. "Thank you Sir". "That gave
me a real boner, Sir. I didn't realize that I would respond like this to so
much pain. So, I guess I must be a pain pig, Sir,?"

Zelsky, still with his arms around Kevin, sits on the very closest stuffed
chair, Kevin sits on the floor between Zelsky's knees. "Sir, may I service
you? I need to say thank you."

"course you can, boy. I always kind of thought you might get into some pain
play. You did great. Good thing you were only 19, huh?"

It doesn't take Zelsky long since he's so worked up to start. 5 minutes
later he's shooting his spunk down Kevin's throat. Kevin loves Zelsky's
unique heavy texture and sweet taste so he rolls it around on his tongue
before swallowing. "Thanks for your cum sir." "You know how much I love
sucking your cock. Will you be around for a few days, Sir?"

"I have to leave day after tomorrow, but I'll be around tomorrow. I'll call
you. "

"I'm leaving then too. Anton and I are driving to San Francisco, Kevin
tells him.  But right I'm going to head back to the showers now, I need to
clean out, I think," Says Kevin.

When Kevin gets to the showers, there are few piss boys hangin out on the
tile floor, waiting for a new supply of piss. Tim, Tyler and Jake are all
sitting there together. Kevin goes and grabs some beers for the boys. Kevin
pops one and starts to guzzle it. We can at least piss on each other. Kevin
smiles. A Couple minutes later Big Brian comes and looking big, but not as
attention getting as his large cock. He is constantly fist pumping his cock
to get it on the verge of a boner. Kevin asks, "Hey Brian, can you piss
through your hard cock?"

"yes, can you," Brian responds.

"Yes, I can. Do you like drinking piss too,?"

"I do."

"Good, you wanna swap some? See what my piss tastes like?" asks Kevin.

"I'd love to. Do you want to taste mine? Brian asked

"I tasted it earlier. I loved it. These guys need some too if you have
enough to share." Kevin suggests. "how much beer did you drink tonight,
Brian?"

"I think I had like maybe 12 cans, I'm not really sure, he said a little
bit drunkenly.

Kevin said, "Brian, we need to suck that used beer out of your dick before
you leave tonight. Or are you staying with Sergeant Brown?

"yes, I think (hiccup) so."

"I'll be right back." Kevin told the shower boys.

He finds Tyrone back in the Family Room, with Greg's tongue attached to his
left nipple. "so, Tyrone, Big Brian seems a bit drunk. Do you want some
help with that or what? Should he stay here? I think he should not be
driving....

What time is it? The 1st Sergeant asked.

"It's about 2300 hours," says Kevin

Brown says to Greg, "what do you think we should do, Private? Are you done
sucking on my left nipple" Brown says a little drunkenly.

"No Sir, Never," Private Miller tells the Sergeant.

"I believe Zelsky is staying with you. I can get a driver for you, or
Zelsky or Brian. Or you can all stay here tonight. What do you want to do?"
asks Private Jones

"stay here with my boy. He's not done with my left nipple." The 1st
Sergeant tells Kevin.

"Okay, Greg can you get you and Tyrone up to your apartment? he's gonna
stay with you tonight." Kevin directs him.

"Anton... Sergeant Brown can't drive. And he'll be staying in Miller's
room. Where can we put Zelsky and Brian?

"we have those two extra rooms where the Sergeant changed clothes earlier,"
Anton told him.

"Anton, would you go up to that room and grab Tyrone's clothes and put them
in Greg's Apartment, please?

"Sergeant Zelsky, looking a bit zoned out, you're going to stay in
Apartment 20 upstairs tonight. The 1st Sergeant really cannot be driving
tonight. I hope that you're good with staying here."

"I don't know where my clothes are. Do you know?" Zelsky is concerned

"We'll find them in the morning, Sir. Everybody will be naked around here
in the morning. You don't need to be worried about being naked.

Kevin takes one more walk through with Anton and, yes it's a mess, but
nothing disastrous. "Let's hit the sack" Anton says.

"I'll see you in the morning. I gotta clean out before I go to bed, says
Kevin.

As Kevin step into the kind of messy shower, Timmy comes in.. "can lick
your ass tonight? I watched how many loads you must have in your ass.

"sure Timmy, lay down on the floor. Open your mouth buddy. Lick my ass,
Timmy. Good boy, here it comes."

It was like a landslide. Timmy said, "That was really awesome and
tasty. Thanks."

When Kevin gets all cleaned out, he goes up to his room to brush his teeth
and heard "Wow, finally. I've been waiting for you." Come here. Kevin bends
over and kisses Corporal Tom. "Where did you put all the men?

"Brown is in with Greg, Zelsky is in 20 and Big Brian is in the changing
room. But I have to sleep now. I mean right now. You okay?" Kevin's eyes
slammed shut. He was asleep within seconds.


... More coming soon.

---

Untitled (Chapter 35)

Date: Mon, 17 Mar 2025 15:38:01 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 25

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments.


New Orders 24


Day 13.      0500


Corporal Tom Lansford wakes up in Apartment 14. Private Kevin Jones'
room. But Kevin isn't in the room. Tom takes the opportunity to stretch and
yawn. He feels down his body to find a big hard cock. He has a great
relationship with his cock. He loves to give it a yank every morning. It's
not always possibly as of late as Private Jones has been beating him to
it. He sits up on his elbows in order to take stock of his situation, but
it changes just a second later when Private Jones delivers two coffees to
the very small Apartment 14. "This one is milk and Splenda, which he hands
to the Corporal. This one has sugar, you won't dig it. How's that boner
coming?" Kevin asks. "I need to get some of this coffee down my throat
before I take care of that thing."

"Who said I wanted that. Sometimes I just love to play with it on my own."
Tom tells Private Jones.

"Are you telling me that you'd rather jack your dick than receive one of my
trademarked blowjobs?" Kevin replied

"Ummmm... I'm gonna have to think about that for a minute but I believe my
brain will be more engaged after I ingest some caffeine"

Kevin leans into Tom's face, "Good morning Corporal." They kiss, more than
just a morning peck on the lips.

"Good morning to you too. What's the taste on your lips?"

"It's likely my cum that I fetched out of your ass a little after
midnight. I kind of like it."

"I kind of like it too, though I think I want to eat something to change
it." Tom says

"I can go grab a protein bar for you or I can offer you some fresh protein,
right from the tap," Kevin offers.

"You are such a good salesman, I think I'll take BOTH! But I want your cum
first, okay?

Tom suggests, "So then I'm gonna jack my dick while you fuck my mouth,
yes?"

Kevin says, "You bet.

"I need to tell you that I loved drinking your piss last night" Tom said,
"I loved you dominating me in front of the boys, but I also really liked
drinking it. It tasted so good. By the way, that humiliation is really
delicious when you're doing it to me in front of the boys.

"Okay, stop talking now." Kevin said as he straddled Tom's face, and stuck
his cock in Tom's mouth maybe a little abruptly.

Kevin worked his cock in Tom's mouth a bit and then stopped, pulled out,
stroked his dick a little more to get it harder. "Put your head over the
end of the bed. I'm going to fuck your throat." As Tom is almost settled,
Kevin says "open your mouth" and sticks his 8 inch cock almost all the way
in, making Tom struggle a bit and gag. "Don't worry about gagging. I like
that. That makes my dick feel fully swallowed like I'm fuckin a cunt. It's
so good." Kevin continues to fuck Tom's throat for another few strokes and
pulls out.

Tom gasps for air and blurts, "how the fuck do you know what a cunt feels
like?"

"I don't, It's just one of my favorite words." Kevin says. "I'm ready. I
want to fire this into your mouth,"

"Go for it" Tom says. Kevin shoots off all over his lips and nose and some
of it even made it into Tom's mouth.

"Let's go shower and grab that protein bar." Kevin says. They traipse down
to the shower and start to wash each other off.

"Can you go running with me this morning, Tom? "Kevin asks.

"Actually, I was thinking that I would get an early start so that I can get
together with the group to finish organizing your party. That meeting is at
one. I'm pretty sure I can get out to do that but I may have to go back to
work after that. I'll have to ask the Sergeant." Tom explains.

"I want to tell you this while I have the chance." Tom states, "I'm gonna
try to help you be a good host for the party. I know that you're committed
for the next few days and that you're gonna be out of town. I will miss
you. I don't mind your fucking around, Kevin. I love that your adventurous,
But I want you to know that I'm willing to be adventurous with you. I feel
like you're my best buddy at this point and I don't wanna lose that. "

"I don't wanna lose that either," Kevin says. "I want you to keep making me
a better man... I need that. But you know what? I feel like we are teaching
each other the most awesome sex stuff. I love exploring this with you. You
don't make me stop, you make me go forward. Let's keep doing that."

Kevin, who is a few years younger, but 1 inch shorter than Tom, gives Tom a
giant and long kiss in the nutrition room, pretty much right in front of
the five guys that are standing around. They're both pretty much aware that
it's a public statement, but nobody much cares because everybody there is
free to do what they want Whenever they want. Nobody in the house is
deterred by commitment, but they're not typically looking for it
either. And nobody can say no.

Tom goes upstairs, gets dressed and heads over to his office while Kevin
wanders off to find Anton in his office. "Hey Anton, what is your schedule
like today? We have that organizing group meeting at 1300. Do you want to
get together before that? You also talked about buying some hardware over
at Home Depot. What time is that gonna happen?

"You are so fucking nosy," Anton said with a big smile. "We talked about
getting together after your workout. That would be about 1030 hours I
think. I'm gonna go talk to Brown and see if he's got any buddies to add to
the guest list, and then I can probably get to Home Depot and back
somewhere near that time.. I will try to find you when I get back, does
that work?"

" I'm pretty sure it does. But I've got a question. Where is this event
gonna take place? If you wear your chaps and harness up to my room,
everybody in this place is going to be yammering about it." Kevin pointed
out.

" good point. I am hereby inviting you to my room so that we can fuck,"
Anton says

"do you want me to wear my leather shorts?" Kevin asks.

" those are the ones with the zipper in the back, aren't they? Anton says.
Kevin nods.

" well then don't you think you should at least see how it works and how it
feels before you get to San Francisco?"

" Yeah, I guess so. Probably a really good idea."

Kevin goes to his room and gets dressed for the morning run. Anton gets
dressed to head over to Sergeant Browne's office.

Anton walks in the door of Sergeant Browne's office. Corporal Tom Lansford
says "I'll let the sergeant know that you're here. Tom's listens for a
moment, "Yes Sir". He says for you to go right in."

"Good morning Sergeant."

"Good morning Private. What's up?" asks Sergeant Brown.

" to be honest, private Jones is a little concerned that if everybody at
the house are subs that the party might not be much of a success," Anton
explains, "and has requested that I ask you if you have Any Dom Buddies
that might like to attend?"

" Ha ha," Brown throws his head back and laughs ,"do you think it's true?"

"no I don't. I think that the boys in the house are really good at
role-playing and that there's not gonna be a problem. But I thought also
that you might have somebody that you'd like to bring that might really
enjoy themselves, and the boys might enjoy a new flavor." Anton explains.

"You know that Zelsky is coming in to town. I'm sure he's gonna want to
come to the party, but do you have somebody else in mind?"

" Sir, I don't know the hierarchy around the base as well as you do. I
actually would never expose our operation to anyone ever even if I had
hints that they might be gay." Private Anton says, "That isn't my place ,
Sir"

"No. You are correct. And I don't believe that we should expose ourselves
to anybody around here. You never know what could happen as a result. But I
do have an ex-partner that would probably really love to take part. A real
kinkster. l'll ask him if he wants to come with me. His name is Brian. They
call him `Big Brian' in the bars. A big muscle guy. That's how I got into
weightlifting. I'll give him a call." Sergeant Brown tells Anton.

"I don't mean to be out of the line, Sir, but it would be best if he could
enter the building with you due to the finger print system. There isn't a
door monitor or a guest list. If he comes in with you, nobody's going to
question him." Anton advises. "do you know if Brian has any leathers that
he can impress the boys with?

"Yeah, I'm sure he does. Curious to know how Jones came up with that for
this party?"

" Kevin thought about it and decided that since all the guys are around the
house and seeing each other all the time, often they're naked around each
other and that isn't exciting by itself, that he wanted to create an
excitement level that would make the party more kinky and sexy. He wants me
to turn the lights down and we're gonna hang a sling and a bondage
table.... we have a little beer and we have some pizza and we're hoping
that the leather gets everyone in the right headspace" Anton explains.

"Not sure he's correct, but I like his thinking. He thinks ahead." The
Sergeant observes.

"One more thing I should tell you," Anton informs Sergeant Brown" there's
likely to be a lot of piss play."

"That's great. I'm glad you told me. Big Brian's gonna love this."
Responded the Sergeant.

"Remind me what time this thing starts." Ask the sergeant

We're gonna put out beer at 1500, probably some pizzas then too. The party
actually starts at 1800

"Can I bring anything?" Browne asks

"Not sure, but I am gonna guess that Big Brian drinks beer. Kevin only
bought five cases of beer cause that's all he can afford. You might want to
consider donating a case or bringing something else that Brian or yourself
might want to drink." Anton suggests.

Private Anton stands at attention and salutes. "Dismissed"

The sergeant rings, his office assistant, "Tom, come in here."

Tom flies through the door. "Yes Sir"

"Tom, are you aware of this party thing that's happening tomorrow"

"Yes, sir, I am going to attend" Tom says

" that's great, I'm glad that you're getting involved with the men. I
believe these are a good bunch of guys. Are you seeing anyone in particular
... or just getting to know everyone?" asks the Sergeant, as he grins.

"I'm getting to know several guys but I really like one guy in particular."
Tom tells him.

"Who's the lucky guy?" Asks the Sergeant

"Sir... it's Private Kevin Jones."

"Okay. I hear he's a wild one." Brown says "Anton told me that he's
planning to hang out in a sling at the party. Is that true?

"Yes Sir. "

"You're okay with that? Brown asks

"Yes Sergeant, first, he took me aside to make sure I wouldn't feel hurt by
this. I get my share of his attention. He treats me really good. And, sir
he told me that he knows you you're gonna want to fuck him. And I'm fine
with that. In fact, I plan to observe. Perhaps you aren't aware how kinky I
am Sir. I love all of this. Private Jones and I are becoming good friends."
The Corporal tells his Sargent. "He can learn lots and I fully realize the
he's an ambassador. I know what that means, as you know. By the way sir, he
gives awesome head."

"Well, Tom, I want you to order some things for the party... first 3 more
cases of beer, a bunch of chips, another couple of pizzas, and a birthday
cake with a bunch of plastic forks and paper plates. A case of bottled
water... and a roll or two of paper towels. I will pay for all this shit,"
says Sergeant Brown. "Are you participating tomorrow night, or just
watching?

"Participating sir." Sergeant Brown grins.

Tom returns to his desk and gets on the phone and begins to order some of
the things that the sergeant told him to get. Fortunately, he knew exactly
where to order the pizzas.  He's probably going to need to coordinate with
Anton. If he just gets the Birthday cake ordered, they'll coordinate the
rest at their 1300 hours meeting.

Meanwhile, Private Jones completes his workout. He's looking good. Feeling
great. A bit worn from the 4 sets of chest exercises. He did his Chest
workout today. He'll focus on his arms so he looks good at the party. Right
now, however, he's got one thing on his to-do list: Get Private Anton to
fuck his still-tight hole which he wants opened up a little more before the
party. He heads over to Anton's office and finds that he's not yet back
from the shopping trip to Home Depot. Greg went with him. Greg will figure
out how to put all the pieces together to hang the sling when they return.

"Greg, just always want to be honest with you. I know that we agreed that
we don't have to tell each other when we're going to fuck somebody else,
but I don't want you to hear about it accidentally." Anton explains. "A
while back Kevin asked me to fuck him simply because I have the biggest
cock in the house. He wants me to help him stretch out his ass prior to the
party because he thinks he's gonna be challenged by some big dicks while
he's in the sling. So I told him I would help him. But I'm telling you now
because today's the day. You okay with that?

"Of course I'm okay. I mean, look where we live. I get my share of you and
I appreciate it. It's all good. When is the blessed event?" Asked Greg.

"I'll hook up with him when we get back. But it's also kind of a dry run,
so to speak, for us to try on our new leather garments the tailor made for
us. You should come up and check out the leathers...if you want to," stated
Anton, slightly sheepishly. "You can see what I'm wearing to the Dore Alley
Street Fair in San Francisco."

"I would love to.," Greg quickly responded. "Then I can go put up the
sling, the massage table and the St Andrews Cross while you're busy. Have
it be a surprise for Kevin when you're done. By the way, where did you put
the paddle and the flogger?"

"Oh yeah, I forgot the toys. Thanks for reminding me, Anton
responded. "Those and a couple of dildos and a Crop are all in a box on the
bottom shelf of the safe. I'll get it opened when we get to the house."

It's 1040 hours when they get back to the house. Anton goes into the office
and opens the safe. Instructs Greg to come up to his apartment in 5 or 6
minutes. He then goes and finds Kevin in his room.

"Hey we're back," Anton says to Private Jones. " Grab your stuff and come
up to Apartment 18. We'll change up there."

Kevin does as directed. Grabs his boots, socks and leather shorts and
bounds up stairs to Anton's apartment. As Kevin pulls his mid-calf boots
on, Greg arrives for the fashion review. "I invited Greg to come up and
check out our new leather duds," Anton says

"Hey Private Miller," says Kevin as he stands up. "What do you think?

Anton is attempting to pull up his new Chaps by himself. Kevin and Greg
both come to his aid, snapping snaps, closing leg zippers, pulling the rear
waist straps taught. Both of the men feeling Antons leather chaps as they
hug his body. Anton goes hard quickly and Greg and Kevin both drop to their
knees and start servicing both sides of Anton's growing cock as though
they'd practice this maneuver dozens of times. Anton fully bones up. "Oh
God."

Greg takes Anton's dick in his mouth, which only goes in about a third of
the way because it's so big. Greg literally can't help himself, but
realizes that he's been invited up to only review their cool new
clothes. Greg stands up, "Very sexy. I guess I'll be needing some chaps
too. They're beautiful."

Anton asks Greg, "what do you think of Kevin's new shorts? Check out this
zipper in the back." Anton bends over and takes the zipper in his hands and
zips it upward to open it. And then slides his finger down Kevin's
crack. "Isn't that awesome?"

"It is awesome. Congrats. Are you going to wear these at the party tomorrow
night?" Greg asks

Kevin says, I won't be because I'll be in the sling some of the time, but I
think you should wear your chaps, Anton. As well as your harness."

"There's a harness too?" Greg says.

"Oh yeah, we both got one." Kevin reports. "Check these out" and the 2 men
model their respective, but matching bull dog harnesses. "I actually want
to wear this tomorrow night. 'Slingware..."

"Okay," Greg adds as he smiles, "now I am jealous. You both look
fabulous. Promise me we can play together when I get my leathers made too,
okay.... Got to go get some shit done." And he leaves the men alone in
their leathers.

"Private Anton. Do you want to fuck me with or without my shorts on?" Kevin
asks.

"Let me have a moment with them on. " Anton sits down on the floor, with
his hands on Kevin's thighs, turning him so that his ass is facing Anton,
he leans in and separates Kevin's glutes and sticks his nose in, inhaling
to experience Kevin's scent in the leather shorts. "Truly intoxicating. My
favorite new smell." And then he stands up, turning Kevin again so that
they're now face to face. "I love your new shorts but I think your zipper
might rip my cock up a bit. So lose `em!"

Anton's dick still hard, Kevin's dick is at half mast. "Bend over and grab
your ankles, Private!" Anton, spreads Kevins' ass again and spits on the
hole. His thumb attempts entry. Kevin's ass resists. Anton spits on Kevin's
hole again, roughly rubbing it in and around his hole, spreading his cheeks
and pushing both thumbs in simultaneously. Kevin moans loudly in
surprise. "Hey buddy, I have a job to do here. I'm not here to make love to
you. I'm here to open up this hole.  I'm helping you get ready for tomorrow
night when NOBODY is going to be gentle with your hole. They're just going
to fuck it. HARD. So, let go of your hole and get ready to take my big
dick!" Anton licks and spits on the hole over and over and then sticks his
tongue in as hard as possible followed by a couple fingers, not waiting to
loosen up, then 3, then 4. Anton continues to be rough with Kevin's
ass. Thwack!  He slaps it. Thwack again, harder 4 fingers again, adds a
little more lube and then starts to fist Kevin, still with only 4 fingers,
but penetrating all the way up to the thumb. "There we go boy, you're doing
it. Relax more, Push out." Thwack, another even harder swat on his ass. "So
understand this Private... I'm being gentle compared to how you're gonna
get handled tomorrow night. Push out a little more."

Anton places his cock right up against Kevin's widening hole. "Okay, I'm
going in, ready or not. PUSH against my cock boy. Look, I'm not gonna be
there to coach you how to handle this tomorrow night. You're gonna have to
know how to open up and how to push gently against some really big
cocks. So pay the fuck attention now, boy. PUSH!" In goes Anton's 11 inch
cock, right up Private Jones' chute.

"Oh my fucking God." Private Jones shouts. (Greg can hear this downstairs
and smiles knowingly, but everybody in the house can hear it). Anton
doesn't let up, he just keeps pushing and pumping against Kevin's asshole.

"You gotta let go of your ass if you're going to enjoy this." Anton
continues to train him. "The thing is for you to accept my big dick. Love
it fucking your ass. If you fight it, like you're doing right now, it's
gonna hurt all night. Now, my slut in training, I'm going to stop for a
count of 8. I'm not going to pull out. You have to convince your ass to let
go and accept my big cock. Say to yourself `I want this cock in my ass. I
want this beautiful dick to be fucking the shit out of me. I need to relax
and accept it so that I can fully enjoy this.' Do you get it boy? Do you
want this cock to keep fucking you?"

"I do." Says Kevin.

"Then tell your asshole to stop complaining and relax. I'm not here to hurt
you. I'm here to teach you how to enjoy being a great sub boy, Private. Now
I'm gonna start fucking you hard again when I count to 8 and I'm not gonna
stop until I cum in your ass. It can be a beautiful thing if you let it
be." Anton admonishes. "... 6, 7, 8... now gently push out just a little
and let my dick in fully up your ass."

"My dick feels good in your hole. Suddenly your hole fits like a nice
leather glove. How does it feel for you now?"

"It feels really good. Anton, would you spank me for a couple of minutes,
please?"

"Sure." Says Anton. He pulls his dick out and grabs the paddle that he left
on the dresser. Anton takes aim at his ass and lets it fly, not too
hard. "How's that?"

"Harder please, Kevin says. Thwack and then again and again, getting a
little harder each time.

"Want me to continue?" Anton asks.

"Yes. I need it." Kevin answers

After 3 more slaps of the paddle, Anton stops and rubs the red ass a few
times, spits on it, rubs it around and then slaps him with his bare
hand. "I'm gonna finish fucking your ass now, boy."

Anton shoves his dick back in and finds his ass to be accepting and
warm. "That's beautiful boy. I'm gonna cum in a minute or two." It didn't
take that long. Anton was so turned on by swatting Kevin's ass that he
stayed hard to whole time. So did Kevin.

Anton pulls his still hard cock out of Kevin's ass. "Clean it up boy. This
is part of the service. Maybe not when you're in a sling, but it certainly
is when you're an ambassador.

"Yes Sir, gladly sir." Kevin cleans it all up, licking Anton's cock and
balls thoroughly. "Thank you so much. That was great. You are a great
teacher. I'm lucky to have you coaching me. There's a big difference
between a regular dick and taking a monster dick. Wow. Sergeant Zelsky
fucked me before I came to Utah and it was great, but also I got a little
ripped. So thanks for teaching me how to take it the right way."

"Welcome."

Another Chapter is coming soon....

---

Untitled (Chapter 36)

Date: Sat, 8 Mar 2025 11:34:33 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 24

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Piss and kink and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments.

New Orders 24

Day 12     1700


Private Jones, waits for Corporal Lansford to meet him at the house and
take him to dinner in one of the Motor Pool Jeeps.

It feels like such a hot thing for these two super attractive Soldiers to
drive to the Pizza Place for dinner. There are lots of places in the
country where women would be calling out to them based on their hot,
masculine looks. The men too would be turned on to see these good looking
guys in an Army Jeep in places like San Francisco, West Hollywood, New
York, Palm Springs. But here in Utah they're just soldiers. The women may
want to call out, even the men, but they don't dare.

These men are just shopping for dinner. They decide to return to the scene
of their first meal together: The Pizza Place. They ordered the extra-large
pizza with pepperoni and a little extra shredded Parmesan cheese, to
go. While there, Kevin orders 3 double cut pizzas, all different styles for
party day. They will get picked up around 4pm on the 23rd. (4pm because the
pizza place doesn't know military time).

They took today's pizza back to the house. When they got there, they
invited Anton and Greg into the dining room for a slice or two.

The conversation quickly turns to expectations for the party and the
preferred dress code. "The reason I want everybody to wear some leather is
because it's kind of like getting dressed for sex. I mean, we see each
other naked around here all the time and the men are all hot but at this
house it's not something special. It's what we wear every day." Kevin
states. So, I want something that's gonna cause these guys to kick it up a
notch. Besides, even if the guy who is just naked at the party sees all
these other guys wearing some leather and boots they'll be more likely to
get boned up... "

" are you worried about these guys going over the top?" Greg asks.

" these guys are pretty much experts at sex. I imagine that they all have
fantasies. I want to bring out those fantasies. I kind of wanna get tied up
and blindfolded. I think that will get the party started." Kevin grins.

Greg is a little surprised. "Some of these guys have really huge dicks. Are
you worried about getting hurt? I mean, if you're tied up with your hands
behind your back, and three guys wanna fuck you at the same time?"

"Well, I know the kind of fantasies that I have. The men here inspire a lot
of fantasies. I hope they have the same kind of nasty fantasies that I
have. I'm hoping that we can jack up the fantasy level and get these guys
to go to town with each other, I mean, it's pretty sexy knowing that
everyone here is completely into sex with men. By the way, Anton, can we
turn the lights way down so it's dark like a club?" Otherwise, the party
will just be another boring pizza party." Kevin stated. The boys chuckled.

"So, it just occurred to me," Anton interjects, " I have to find those two
slings that we got for the gym. I also have some chain to hang them from
the hooks in the ceiling. I'll go find those today. Is there anything else
that you want" he asks Kevin.

" I was going to ask about this: kind of been fantasizing about having a
massage table that we can use to tie guys down. So I guess we need some
rope too. I also have been wanting to get tied up to one of those crosses
where a guy can get flogged. I'm sure we don't have that," Kevin states "I
should have thought about that 2 weeks ago."

" this is the army... We have rope!" Anton says, "Greg, do you remember
where we stashed that massage table? I don't remember the last time we used
that. We got that so that our clients could get a massage, but nobody
wanted to lug it around. Let's hit Home Depot in the morning and see what
kind of hooks and chains we need."

"Let me ask you this this:" Kevin ponders, "we are all subs here, aren't
we?  I mean, don't you guys have fantasies about getting tied up and do you
ever want to get spanked or flogged? I can't be the only guy that's looking
forward to this..." with his elbows on the table Kevin holds his face in
his hands, "what if everybody just wants to play Sub and we don't have
anyone at the party who wants to be Dom? Do you think any of these guys are
gonna step up?"

Anton reminds him, "these guys are professional role players, Kevin. These
guys will see what is going on and they will play the role that's
needed. We may all be subs but we're not stupid, and we all love to
fuck. Plus, Sergeant Brown is coming. He's a dom."

"Browns coming? Greg says" holy crap. "That is one big dude. Are you sure
he's coming to the party?" Greg ask Anton. "And, dude, are you sure he's a
dom?"

"That's what he told me, "Kevin interjects.

With seriously raised eyebrows, Greg says, "wow! This is gonna be fun to
watch."

"Should I ask him if he has any Dom friends he'd like to bring to the
party?" Anton asks Kevin.

" sure, if you think that'll help. You know I just thought if we had a
bunch of the hottest and most masculine sub men at a party that it would be
fantastic and successful. I guess I didn't really think enough about the
dynamics. We should've had this conversation, two weeks ago." Kevin worries
aloud.

"Kevin, there's lots of excitement about this party. Nobody's gonna be
pissed off. They all love that you're making something happen. I think that
you'll see that they appreciate it this party." Greg says. "What's your
impression, Tom?"

"well, I can be Dom if you need me to be." Tom says grinning. I think it's
gonna be fun. I'm really looking forward to it."

"but hey, we're the organizers of this group, let's organize. Let's get
together at 1300 and see what else has to get done?" Tom adds

Anton asks Greg, "do you have leather attire for the party?"

"I have boots." Greg replies.

"I have an extra harness that would probably fit you nicely." Anton
suggests.

"By the way, we ordered three pizzas for the party to be picked up by 1600
at the Pizza Place over on Overland, if anybody it's gonna be driving by
there," says Tom, "what else do we need?"

"Kevin got 6 cases of beer. It's in the office."

"Is that enough to make for a good party?" Kevin asks

Tom responds, "you know, I think that anywhere where your ass is greased up
and hanging out there ready in a sling... That's where the party is. It
will be fun, don't worry about it..."

"But, hey big guy, let's go upstairs for a bit. I want to spend some time
with you before the party," adds Tom "see you guys later."

Tom and Kevin go upstairs, a little down from the conversation at the
table. As they walk up the stairs, Kevin leading the way, Tom says, "I know
you're gonna be very busy for the next few days, and some of it won't
include me. After the party you'll be headed to SF. So, I want to take some
time with you alone tonight." Tom says as they enter Apartment 14. "I
really want to taste you tonight... and maybe you taste me too."

Kevin giggles a little, "Like what?"

"Well, like a few things. Like, I realized that I've only tasted your dick
AFTER we've cleaned up. I've never licked your balls when they weren't
freshly washed. I've never shared my cock sucking skills with you, so I
sort of want you to kick back and let me please you tonight, sort of
celebrate your birthday with just me serving you. Will you let me? Can you
allow yourself to let that happen, sub boy? Can you just relax and let me
swallow your cock and balls? You're always trying to serve me, which I
thoroughly love, and don't want to stop doing that, but tonight I want to
taste you. Okay?" Tom asked as his voice went from strong and directing to
gentle and more submissive as he gave his little speech. "I want to serve
you tonight."

"I think I can. I'm usually the one serving, I'm sort of not wired for
that, you know?" Kevin says as Tom undresses him.

"What I do know is that I'm an older man for you," Tom says as he turns on
his sultry voice. "I know that you turn 19 tomorrow and that you're as
interesting and sexy and challenging as any man I've met at any age. What I
know is that this is my very last chance to celebrate you being 18 years
old." Tom unbuttons his own shirt now, having already completed undressing
Private Jones, standing there, eye to eye, inches away, naked and
hypnotized by his slightly older friend. "What I know is that I'm going to
have my way with you," speaking more softly and slowly, "I'm going to
control you with my tongue and my lips. I have no need to orgasm tonight. I
am here only to serve you. And you're going to let me, aren't you Kevin?"

Staring at Tom's face, eye to eye, Tom envelops Kevin's torso and kisses
him with such tenderness, not grabbing his skin, but gently and sensually
letting his fingers cascade down the 18year old's back, and then his
ass. And finally, his inner thighs and testicles. So tender and loving. He
moves his hands to Kevin's shoulders and directs him to sit down in the
chair. Tom begins licking underneath Private Jones' balls and getting the
full effect of the young Army stud's unvarnished flavor. Both of these men
are fully hard. Perhaps Tom spoke too soon about not needing to achieve an
orgasm tonight, his balls already churning. But he is committed to
inflicting his sensuality on Kevin this evening, one step at a time. Just
as though he were going to tie Kevin down. The thought crossed Kevin's mind
too and his dick bounced a little even though it was already fully engorged
and ready to fire.

Tom was, in fact, ready with a few small pieces of rope. He used the first
piece to tie Kevin's arms behind him, which Tom achieved without objection
from Kevin. Then he moved his victim forward so that he'd have access to
his butt hole. Then he tied each of his ankles to the outside of the two
front feet of the chair, pushing open his legs just a bit further.

Tom was surprised to hear Kevin's voice making a joke, "What are you gonna
do with me, mister?" Tom took his que and leaned over and kissed Kevin with
his soft tongue and then he stuffed his underwear in his mouth to stop him
for any further discussion. And then he took out a piece of tape and placed
it over his mouth securing the cloth gag in the victim's mouth.

Tom, sat down on the floor in front of his captive, he pushed Kevin's knees
a little bit wider and leaned forward to service Kevin's taint. `it will
give me an idea of what the boy needs next.' Tom stays there for a long
while, maybe 3 minutes, lapping up more of Kevin's natural stink. Then he
moves up to encircle the skin where his balls are attached... the parts
that rarely get attention. Then he licks and kisses the base of Kevin's
shaft, not grabbing his dick, not even attempting to edge him with his
hands, just only with his tongue, dominating Kevin at every inch. Tom
worships Kevin's pubes, licking and kissing all of it, up his treasure
trail to his navel. Tom ignores the navel and travels down the right side
of his beautiful abs, licking and kissing all the way along his oral
pathway. Tom continues down, completely ignoring Kevin's hard-as-a-rock
penis and licking his way to the boy's inner thighs, continuing to blaze
the saliva trail right to the sub boy's ass hole. Tom start to lick and
kiss the starfish, slobbering all over it. Tom hocks a big wad of spit
directly on his new favorite toy and rubs it all over, spitting on it
again. Once all juicy Tom spits on his finger and works it into his still
unclean hole. He feels around. Seems okay, but decides to pull his finger
out and place it in front of Kevin's nose.

"Smell that, boy. This is what your butt hole smells like. Would you go
down on this?" Tom asks gently.

"Ummm... I don't think so," Kevin responded.

Tom pulled the tape off of Kevin's gag and pulled the underwear out of his
mouth and gave him a big kiss. "Good answer. Come on boy, let's go clean
out." With that, Tom unties Kevin's ropes. But before Kevin can stand up,
Tom sucks his dick for several seconds to get his dick fully hard for the
trip to the showers. Tom wants all the boys downstairs to see that he's
completely in control of Kevin.

As they reach the showers to clean out, Kevin says, "that was fantastic. I
went immediately into sub headspace. I love that." Kevin grabs Tom by the
back of his neck and pulls him into a full, open mouth, slobbering tongue
kiss."

"You know how I said that I have no need to have an orgasm tonight?" Tom
says to Kevin in the middle of their kiss. "I lied."

"What do you want to do?" Kevin asks.

"I think I want you to fuck me" says Tom.

"It's okay, but I'm going to need to do something to come the rest of the
way out of sub headspace, you know, to transition. I was in pretty deep."

"What is it that you wanna do?" asks Tom

"First, I want to clean out. Really clean, okay? Then I'm gonna fuck
you..."

 "I wanna show the guys that are watching us that I can be Dom too. So, get
on your knees and open your mouth." Orders Kevin.

Tom smiles and gets down on his knees. He opens his mouth and tilts his
head back. Kevin starts to piss all over Tom. On his chest, on his dick and
then in his mouth. Not just a little. It was a pretty full torrent. When
he's done Kevin tells him to suck his cock.

"Good boy. Ohhhh that's very nice. Keep sucking my dick..." After a moment
Kevin is fully hard again. "Bend over and pull your ass open for me."

Tom responds, "I thought you were gonna fuck me in bed."

"I never said that. I just said that I would fuck you. Now I want everyone
watching to see me explode in your ass." Kevin says "I want them to see
that I can be a Dom Top too."

"yes Sir," Says Tom and he spreads his cheeks for Kevin.

Both men were very horned up by the mental edging Tom performed on Kevin
upstairs, and by their kissing and, let's face it, by Kevin pissing down
Tom's throat. The delicious taste lingers in Tom's mouth and he really
likes it. "I want to drink more of your piss whenever I get to. I wanna be
your urinal, sir."

"Sometimes," Kevin says to Tom as he continues to pump Tom's ass. "I think
we're a pretty good match, Corporal. I wanna be your urinal too some of the
time, is that okay? But it makes me really happy to know that you like my
piss."

"Keep fucking me. I want your cum in my ass." Tom tells Kevin, "Being sub
once in a while can be fun. I like it."

"Sounds good, boyfriend. I could probably use it as a snack later tonight."
Kevin Responds.


Another Chapter soon...

---

Untitled (Chapter 37)

Date: Tue, 25 Feb 2025 18:02:33 -0700
From: PalmerKunkel
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 23

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Kink and Piss and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments.

Kevin Jones - New Orders 23

Day 12     1350


Kevin's Birthday Orgy is in two days. Anton is helping him organize it, but
Kevin is really the host. And everybody is looking forward to fucking the
host.

Kevin asks Anton, about beer and snacks. "What do you suggest? And do you
mind my bringing like 6 or 7 cases of beers into the house? I'm hoping
everyone will want to get wet." Kevin smiles broadly


Anton gets the call that he's been waiting for from Sergeant Zelsky. He IS
coming in but his plane doesn't arrive in SLC until about 1700 so he
"probably won't get to the party "...before 2000 or 2100. Oh well." I'll
see you when I see you. Who's picking me up?"

Anton says "Private Lucas Smith, Sir. He'll pick you up curbside. Where are
you staying?"

"I'm actually going to be staying with Sergeant Brown. He keeps a guest
Room."

"Have you mentioned the party to The First Sergeant, Sir?"

"I haven't, it's not my party to invite him to."

"May I ask your advice, Sir? Anton says

"Sure, shoot." Says Zelsky.

"Sir, the Sergeant's assistant, Corporal Lansford is expected to be
attending this party. Might there be any jeopardy for either of these men
if I were to invite Sergeant Brown?"

"I'm pretty sure that Lansford will know everything there is to know about
the Sergeant. But that might be a good question to ask him." Suggests
Zelsky. "Anything else I should know about this party?

"Perhaps...if possible, I believe that Private Jones would appreciate it if
you consumed 3 or 4 beers. Also, there will likely be a leather theme for
the night."

"I can't just be naked? Asks Zelsky.

Anton answers, "I'm quite sure you can do anything you like. Nobody here
can tell you no. There will likely be 17 or 18 participants, almost
entirely from the Unit, Sir."

"Thank you, Anton. See you then," says Zelsky.

"See you soon, Sir." Says Anton

__________________

Kevin has been patiently waiting in the Family Room for Anton to appear.

"I'll get a car. We'll go to the supermarket. OFF base"

"Don't we still have the car out front? I don't think we returned it.."

Anton grabs the keys and jumps into the Driver seat. Kevin yells `shotgun,'
but there's nobody around to hear it.

As they drive off base, "We need to talk about something," Anton says
seriously.

"Uh-oh, sounds ominous." Kevin says frowning.

"It's not that bad, but I want to give you a heads up about it. It appears
that Sergeant Brown has heard about the party and is making noises about
how fun it sounds."

"He's a very hot guy. I'm sure he'd have fun at least. Would he cause a
problem?," Kevin asks.

"My concern is that Tom is coming to the party. I don't know what kind of
relationship or history they have around sex. My guess is that Tom makes
all these arrangements for rooms and cars and flights, etc. and that Brown
knows everything but I don't know that for sure. I was just thinking that
maybe you should mention it to Tom and see what he thinks." Suggests Anton.

Plus, we have only one day to get ready before the party and then only two
days later. We're leaving for San Francisco first thing in the morning. So
there's a whole lot of organizing to go to SF and you only have one day to
basically get everything cleaned up after your party. I'll help you, but
I'm leaving with you for SF. So I don't have any more time than you do and
there is regular business to be handled as well."

"So, Anton, I kind of want to put out the word that my party favors leather
and boots. I don't know if many of these guys are into any kind of leather
kink. I hope so. How do you think I should tell them that?" asks Kevin.

"I think you should write up an invitation and make some copies. And then
you go around to the rooms with the sheets. Nobody's got a lock on their
doors anyway, tell them that the party dress code is leather and boots or
naked and that it starts around 6 PM in the gym. You might want to say
`beer in the kitchen at five.' that'll give them all an idea about what to
expect."

"What do you want to do about food? "Anton asks. "Do you want to get
something like meatballs and toothpicks or how about a few large pizzas
that we can cook in the oven or we could even just do some sort of healthy
finger food baby quiches that we can cook in the microwave. What do you
think?

"Meatballs and Pizza seem to be really good party food.  Will you help me
make sure that the food gets served?

"Sure. But this one more thing I wanted to discuss. Kind of important. I
think you need my hole widening service before the party. When should we do
that?

Kevin looks at him with a furrow brow until he figures out that he's
talking about using his large cock to fuck him. "Oh yeah, well I have Tom
coming over later. I'm figuring he will be spending the night. So, I think
tomorrow after business hours would be good. Does that work for you?"

"Yes, but I think you need to have some discussion with Tom. I think all
the guys in this unit are expecting to fuck you at some point during the
night. Are you thinking that Tom is ready to see that?

"I'm pretty sure Tom is one of them." Kevin says smiling.

"Thanks for the advice though," Kevin says to Anton.

After they've bought a bunch of food and are back in the kitchen, Kevin
asks, "you won't forget to wear your chaps when you fuck me, will you? I'm
so excited, you've got me thinking about this. They look so good on you."

"No, buddy, I won't forget.

"Have you told Greg?"  I haven't, but I'm going to... tonight"

"You have an appointment at 1400, right? Asks Kevin.

"Yes... with the 1st Sergeant. Better get going"

Private Jones grabs his phone and calls, Corporal Lansford

" Hi Kevin," says Tom as he answers his phone. "How's it going?"

Kevin says, "actually going really well. I'm getting excited about the
party and there's some stuff that I want to talk to you about. Are you
planning to be here tonight?"

"I've been hoping that you'd be open to that." Says Tom.

"What do you want to do about dinner? You think you'll be hungry?" asks
Kevin

"Might be. Maybe pizza. But right now I'm hungry for your dick. You're
turning me into a sex fiend." Tom tells him.

"Glad to hear it," says Kevin. You want me to come over there and give me
some job training? I am free this afternoon."

"Be here at 1600 and I'll show you my system," Corporal Lansford responded.

Kevin heads down to Anton's office and grabs a sheet of paper and hand
writes an invitation to the party. Then he makes copies to distribute,
taking the copies door to door in the house. Most rooms were empty. When he
got to Apartment 6 Kevin knocked on the door and Private Owen West said
"come in". Owen was sitting in his bed naked and had been practicing his
masturbation techniques. Sitting on the bed with his hard cock in his hand,
essentially edging himself. Kevin was surprised but not shocked. He just
sat down in the chair and started telling Owen about the dress code for the
party. Owen continued gently stoking his large dick almost as if in a
self-induced trance.

"Do you have any leathers you can wear to the party?  Boots?" Kevin
asks. "Can I help you with that?" Kevin nods towards Owen stiff cock.

"Yeah, I could probably use an extra hand," Owen says thoughtfully.

Kevin puts down his invitations on the dresser and leans over the bed and
strokes Owen's inner thigh, running his hand slowly up to Owen's balls,
while Owen continues stroking. Kevin pinches at the lowest skin on Owen's
ball sack, pulling his testicles downward and away from this cock. "I don't
want you cumming too quickly, do I? While still gently pinching Owen's ball
sack, Kevin leans forward and licks Owen's right nipple. He licks a few
times before taking it into his mouth and begins to suck on it. "I love
making nipples all pointy like that. So much fun to manipulate." Kevin
gently pinches Owen's nipples. Kevin moves up to Owens lips and takes them
into his mouth, sucking on Owen's lips ever so delicately. Owen
moans. Kevin releases the pinch and grabs Owens face quickly and forcefully
on both sides of his face, and continues to suck face with his friend and
whispers "I want you to cum in my mouth. Would you like that?" Owen nods
just a little acknowledging the question. Kevin grabs Owen's hand away from
his cock and immediately takes control.

Kevin starts to lick and suck all over the head of Owen's cock for about 10
seconds before he engulfs the entire dick in his mouth and throat. Owen had
no control over his response. He certainly wanted to shoot a load, but
Kevin took away all control as he relieved Owen from a massive load that
shot deep into Kevin's throat. Kevin didn't really get to taste his
prize. The load shot down his throat, past his tongue and right into his
stomach without any warning. Owen shot a couple of small dribbles just
behind that, but the big shot was so fast that he didn't expect it. "Is
that how you typically shoot?" Kevin asked. Owen just sat in his bed,
stunned, that it all came about so fast.

"No." Owen just shook his head. "Never. Nobody's ever sucked my dick like
that. That was awesome."

Kevin, still fully dressed, leaned over the bed and kissed Owen again,
smiling. "That was kinda cool. Don't forget to bring that big ol cock to my
party day after tomorrow. Wear leather and boots if you got em."

"I'll be there. Pretty sure everyone will be," Owen answered.

Day 6 1600

Private Kevin Jones stands in front of the mirror and checks his uniform to
make sure it's all in order and then pulls out his phone to text Tom: `On
my way"

He walks over to the 1st Sergeant's office and opens the door. Tom looks up
from behind his desk and smiles at Kevin. "Have a seat... let me show you
my system. It's all paper, but it mostly gets shredded after the event. I
treat everything as an event, like a military dignitary is planning to come
into the region. Obviously it has be one of our members. We take this Event
Page and we start to fill it out with arrival dates and airports and
hotels, who's the ambassador? Etc. Ambassadors are not named, they have
numbered codes, like you're 075. And then traveling alone? Preferences,
car, food, hotel? Most of my Organization is around the client, everything
else is about their preferences. And at the end we ask them if they need to
make any changes in the future. They rarely want changes."

"What do they change and why?" Asks Kevin

"It's typically about dietary stuff and occasionally about personality
conflict with an ambassador."

"Ike what?" Kevin asks

"I don't ever know, actually, Sergeant Brown will ask questions if action
is required. I don't get involved BUT I think it's basically two things:
lack of Obedience and they want a greater sex dynamic," Tom Says "Again,
I'm speculating, but I think it means that they client wants a bigger
orgasm like when he was young. Sergeant Brown doesn't think it's actually
about the ambassadors. He just tells me to assign somebody else.

"How does he know who's the right guy?" Kevin asks

"I think he uses his intuition sometimes AND he asks Anton for his opinion,
" Tom tells Kevin.

"Is he in his office? Kevin asks

"No, he left with Anton a few minutes before you arrived."

"So, here's the thing, I think Anton told Sergeant Brown about my birthday
party, you know... that it's going to be an orgy and now I think he wants
to come. Is this something that could get you in any trouble?" Kevin asks

"No, I don't think so. I've never had sex with him, but I have walked in on
him getting head from a couple of the boys, which doesn't happen very
often. He didn't seem to care about my having seen that." Tom
explained. "We didn't even talk about it afterwards. He knows I'm gay or he
wouldn't have hired me into this position... He's got a giant cock."

"Tom.. that's the thing. If he comes to the party he's probably gonna want
to fuck me. I'm the new guy. You gonna be okay with that?"

"I've seen you in multiple situations and me seeing you never seemed to
bother you before" points out Tom.  "I let you piss in my ass and then I
even squatted over your face and blew piss all over your face in front of a
few of the men in your unit. Are you thinking NOW that I'm going to be too
sensitive to handle seeing you in action? You need to understand that I am
just as kinky as you are, Kevin... I can't wait to watch you get
fucked. Does that surprise you?"

"I guess it shouldn't," said Kevin, "but you know, I don't want to
disappoint you."

"You haven't disappointed me yet. And I certainly want to keep going. Tell
you what, I only have a few more things to finish up and then we can go
grab some food, says Tom.

Kevin sits down for a moment at Tom's desk. The Outer front door swings
open and the 1st Sergeant enters like he's in a hurry. Hi Tom... hello
Private Jones. I heard about your party, Brown says as he keeps
walking. Sounds fun, I'll be there."

"Sir!" The Private stands up quickly, almost at attention. Jones freezes
not knowing if he should speak before he's been given permission.

"Is there something you wanted to say, Private?" The Sergeant asks.

"Yes, Sir. Please wear Black Leather and boots to the party if you have
it." Private Jones almost immediately regrets saying...

"Yes, Anton told me. I'll see you there." Announces Brown.

New Chapter coming shortly...

---

Untitled (Chapter 38)

Date: Sun, 9 Feb 2025 11:14:28 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones - New Orders 22

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Kink and Piss and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please help Nifty to continue performing their great work and entertaining
us. Please contribute to Nifty $25 or $50 every couple of
months. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/
The Precursor to this story is "The New Army Recruit" written by
er14990606@gmail.com.

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments.

Kevin Jones - New Orders 21


Day 12   -   0500


A Big slobbering Kisses woke Tom up this morning. "That was so hot," Kevin
told Tom.

"Yeah? I thought it was too." Tom was a bit more lethargic than Kevin who
woke up Hard and Fast, emphasis on hard.

"Coffee? I mean, can I get you some coffee with some milk and Splenda?"
Kevin asked,

"That would be great." Tom replied a little unsure.

"Did you enjoy my blow job last night?" Kevin asked, as felt around under
the sheets to see if Tom was hard too. He was.

"Would you rather have your morning BJ before or after coffee?" Kevin
asked.

"During, actually." Tom said.

"I'll be right back." Kevin grins.

Kevin flew down the stairs and into the kitchen where he found Anton.

"You seem in a hurry." Anton said

"Yup. Urgent business upstairs," Kevin said

"Okay, come talk to me after you blow your morning load." Anton said in a
matter-of-fact monotone manner.

"Okay, I will." Kevin replied as he carried 2 cups of coffee up the stairs
to Apartment 14.

"Are you in a hurry, Corporal?" Kevin asked.

"Not really. I have time to shoot a load down your throat ... and then
shower before I have to go."

"Do you have time to go running with me this morning?" Kevin asked.

"I don't know... how long before you get my dick serviced?" Tom asks.

"How about I start now? How's your coffee?" Kevin says to Tom.

"Last night you made my Blow Job last for a very long time. And I loved it,
truly, but I think you should get down to business this morning so that we
can fit some other things into our schedule," Tom says smiling, taking
another sip of coffee.

Kevin went to work very quickly, knowing that it was going to be a busy
day. Tom got off in about 5 minutes. "There we go. I knew you could do it."
Kevin sits up licking his fingers and cleaning the bits of cum that fell
from Kevin's lips when Tom blew a big load. Kevin, going back to Tom's
large shaft to clean it all up. Tom scooped up a few drops that Kevin
missed and sucked them off his fingers on the hand that wasn't holding the
coffee cup.

"I have a couple of things to ask you about. Am I going to get a little
organizational training from you today or shall I save my questions for
tonight?" Kevin queried

"Sure, can you come over to my desk about 1600?" Tom asked.

"I probably should confirm that with Anton before I commit to it. I'll call
you when I find out." Kevin suggested.

"Let's get showered and go for that run." Tom said.

The two half hard, naked men bounce down the stairs to take a shower. After
the shower they drop by the Nutrition Bar to grab a smoothie. Greg is there
to help pass out vitamins etc.

"Hello Private Miller, everything good? Kevin Asks.

"Good morning Tom, Kevin... I was told that we need to document your
supplements, which is no problem. You want to work out with me after the
run?" Asks Greg

"Sure. I'd like that. Tom is going to join us on the run this morning"
Kevin states.

The boys get dressed in running gear as they down their smoothies. They
meet the group in front of the house. They begin at the appointed
time. Kevin lags behind the group to introduce the subject Kevin wants to
speak about with Tom. "I know this is sensitive but I kind of need to talk
to you about something that's happening. I can't talk to you about it and
I'm guessing you can't talk to me either, so I hope you can keep this just
between us for now; but here goes... "Anton is getting pressured by Sgt
Brown to have more structured discipline in our unit. I think that won't
work if they want the ambassadors to take care of the senior brass. I mean,
we're kind of like lobbyists, you know? It would be impossible to make a
lobbyist or a psychiatrist or a military band do better by beating them, if
you understand my point. Do you know about this situation, Tom?"

"I do, but you know I can't talk about it." Tom says

"I understand, but I want to throw something out there and maybe you can
grunt or cough. If we can figure out who is pressuring Brown, maybe we can
figure out something to make them look good.  Or maybe it's somebody who's
jealous or who wants attention. It just feels like if we can figure out
who, we might be able to come up with a plan. I mean, the military bands
are kept around because they make somebody look good. How is it that we
might make somebody look good? See if they have a cause, or somebody close
to them has a cause. I don't even understand what I'm saying, but I think I
might if I knew more about WHO. Does that make any sense?

Tom coughs

"Okay, cool... maybe we can have a conversation just by coughing," Kevin
says

They just keep running, following closely behind the others.

When they complete the run, Tom showers and gets dressed, and leaves to
drive the car back to the Motor Pool and walks the short distance to his
office. In his chair by 0745.

At the same time Kevin follows Private Greg Miller into the big weight
stack gym.

"Kev... you're looking good. A little more definition, I can tell. Your
chest looks great so let's focus on your shoulders today..." Private Miller
really pushes him. Kevin decides to progress to four sets.


__________________________

1030

After Kevin returns Mr. Hoffman's call... " oh Private Jones. I have some
garments for you to try on. "

" all of the garments that I asked for?" Private Jones asked.

"Of course."

"Good... I don't have a car so I'll see if somebody can drive me over."
Kevin tells him. " what time do you want me there?"

"I'm free for the next hour," says Mr Hoffman.

Kevin finds Anton. "Do you have some time to Drive over to Mr. Hoffman's
place?"

"Yes. I'm free until 1400."

"Do you have a car?" Kevin questions

"I'll call Tom and get us one" says Anton.

Private Jones changes into his fatigues, complete with his new boots and
the waits with Private Anton in the family room.

Ten minutes later Private Covin shows up from the Motor Pool with the same
car Tom had just dropped off ... they drop their Motor Pool buddy off and
drive off the base on their way to see Mr. Hoffman. The soldiers park the
car in front of Mr. Hoffman's work place, which is connected to his home in
back. Once inside Kevin sees how meticulously organized the Tailor
is. Bolts of fabric and lots of colors, the mostly military colors because
that's mainly who is his customers. "Hello, hello. Thank you for coming so
quickly. Let's go in the back where you can try on your garments. I like
your boots very much."

First, Mr. Hoffman asked Private Jones to try on his new running
outfit. "Good, good... Fits perfect. Now, let's try on your dress
uniform. It looks very good on you, you can see in the mirror that it
emphasizes your masculine package. " Mr. Hoffman smiles with pride. Now
let's try on your leather shorts." Kevin has just been naked in front of
Anton while he changed from one outfit to the next. But now he's going to
try on these skimpy black leather shorts. "Oh my, these fit like a glove."

Anton says, "and they're not much bigger than a glove. Those are fucking
sexy. Try your boots on with these shorts. "

"Mr. Hoffman, do you have the harness ready?" Kevin asks.

"Yes, of course." Mr. Hoffman pulls out a leather harness that must be
fitted to Kevin's torso, the tailor adjusting the straps as he felt Kevin's
arms, shoulders and nipples. As the harness was customized to Kevin's frame
Anton felt as though he might be drooling.

Mr. Hoffman asked Anton to remove his shirt as well. Anton objected saying
"I'm not the one getting fitted here"

" oh I am sorry," turning to Kevin Mr. Hofmann says "did you not inform
him?"

Kevin shakes his head, "no, not until now."

"Kevin asked me to make a gift for you," says Mr. Hoffman, as he unwraps
another, almost identical harness for private Anton.

"No way." Anton says with a broadening grin.

"Way!" says Mr. Hoffman as he begins to deploy the harness over Anton's
muscular torso. "This is really quite beautiful on you. Now, please take
off your pants." Anton objects a little.

"Remember you're not allowed to say no," says Kevin with a smile.

He does so without asking any more questions. Mr. Hoffman pulls out the
chaps that he custom made for private Anton. "What the fuck?" Says Anton.

Mr. Hoffman holds the chaps up to Anton's ass and reaches around to Anton's
front and pulls down his penis and balls to move them aside so he can wrap
the waistband around his waist to snap in the front and then the leather
leggings down to his calves and feet, so that they can be zipped up on the
inside of his thigh... The Tailor presses up against Anton's large unit
which is getting bigger by the moment as Anton stares at his own leather
clad image in the mirror, "These are gifts from private Jones." The tailor
tells him.

Anton's dick is growing significantly as he stares at his image in the
mirror with these magnificent, new tight fitting chaps that were made for
him. "holy fuck, so hot."

"Now, for payment. Take off your shorts. I'm going to suck your cock"

" how much are these chaps then?" Anton asked.

"In store they would be around $370, but if I can suck your dick also then
they are paid for, says Mr. Hoffman.

" but these are gift from me," Private Jones states.

"Yes, but I want to make you a very good deal because I want you both to
come back again and have me make even more leather clothes for you. I
understand that these are not for the army. It will be just between us,"
stated the Tailor. "I want to do this."

Kevin and Anton faced one another. "Kevin," Anton whispers into Kevin's
ear, "I need help getting hard for this."

"Look at yourself in the mirror wearing those chaps. You already have a
solid bone, dude." Kevin tells Anton.

The two Privates faced each other and kissed, helping each other get and
stay hard, pulling each other's ball sack down to stretch them out and
making each other's dicks look bigger. They played with each other nipples
and they kissed, and they felt each other's chest and arms through the
harnesses they were both wearing, running their fingers over and under the
new leather harnesses. "It's almost impossible not to get hard when wearing
new chaps and a new harness." Kevin says, feeling Anton's bare ass.

Anton orders Private Jones to "just keep kissing me." The Tailor extracted
his payment from the two men, alternating between their cocks, sucking each
and jacking the other for several minutes until they both gave Mr. Hoffman
the promised payment.

As the men left Mr. Hoffman's house, Kevin told Anton "I didn't plan to
make you do that. I was gonna take care of the payment. It was supposed to
be a gift."

"Are you kidding me? I loved your gift. we're going to look fucking hot at
Dore Alley," Anton added "you're going to be the first guy I fuck wearing
these. Maybe even sooner than I expected. This was such a surprise. Thank
you so much."

"Yeah... I'm looking forward to that. Another first. I've never been fucked
by a guy wearing chaps," stated Kevin.

Another chapter coming shortly...

---

Untitled (Chapter 39)

Date: Tue, 14 Jan 2025 12:35:26 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 21

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Kink and Piss and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please help Nifty to continue performing their great work and entertaining
us. Please contribute to Nifty $25 or $50 every couple of
months. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/
The Precursor to this story is "The New Army Recruit" written by
er14990606@gmail.com.

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments.


Kevin Jones - New Orders 21


Day 11     1700


Private Jones finds Anton sitting in his office. "I've been thinking about
your situation, I have an idea. Can we maybe chat about this tomorrow?

Tom Arrives at 1720. He got a sedan this time. They decide on burgers for
Dinner. "I'm wearing fatigues because I want to show these new boots I
got... look at these babies. Are you a boot guy? "Asks Kevin. "I didn't
know the attraction that I have to guys with hot boots. Do you have boots,
I mean, other than military issue ones?"

"Yeah, I have some boots that are a few years old. I wore them to a leather
bar a few times, a few years back. And, yes, I understand the
attraction. Those are quite sexy. I'm pretty sure they're not regulation
though." Answers Tom.

"Are you hungry? Kevin asks.

"I am. Let's go." They get in the car and drive for about 20 minutes to an
absolute roadside dive. "These guys make the best cheeseburgers in Utah,"
Tom Smiles.

"God, I'm hungry." Says Kevin excitedly, rubbing his hands together.

"Um, you might want to keep your enthusiasm for God down a bit, Tom Says
whispering. We're in Utah. It's really easy to offend religious types out
here. Especially this remotely. I've never seen anyone get into an
altercation, but I've heard that it happens.

"Oh, okay. I'll keep it down," Kevin Promises. "Do I have to keep it down
to talk to you about our sex?

"Probably a good idea What are you thinking, buddy?" Asks the Corporal.

"I was inspired by a picture I found on my phone today. It was a very, very
sexy penis." Answers Private Jones in whisper tones. "Very sexy and pretty
large. And I got to thinking about how much I'd enjoy having that dick in
my mouth." Waddaya think? Can I convince you to let me suck that big ol
cock? And before you answer, I was also thinking that I'd LOVE... REALLY
LOVE for you do squats on my face. Would you like that?

"My dick is already mostly hard and we haven't even ordered our burgers
yet. What has come over you?" Asks, Tom

"I told you a couple days ago how I used to suck the quarterback's dick all
the time back in High School. I loved it."

"Yea?" Says Tom, encouraging him to go on.

"Well, I thought about that. I realized that you're my quarterback
now. Only difference is that I wouldn't let him fuck me." Kevin smiles a
big grin. "I'd love to show you my skills tonight if it's okay with you.

"Here I thought maybe I was gonna fuck you tonight," says Tom.

"You can actually do whatever you like. My face doesn't require
reservations. It's open seating." Kevin quips. "like anytime you want." Tom
chuckles.

The two soldiers order Burgers, not cheeseburgers, even though they'd like
to, as they're both working to stay fit.

Kevin asks Tom if he brought running shoes to leave in his closet. Plus he
told him that there are some Running Shorts in the bottom drawer of the
dresser in Apartment 14. Plus, he has Milk and Splenda in the room for
tomorrow morning's coffee. They both enjoyed the feeling that the two were
accommodating each other in the bedroom unit. "I know it's not very
private, but it's all I've got. What are your quarters like?" Kevin asked.

"I live off base but I'm housed with a straight-guy soldier. We are
friendly but we each stick to ourselves. I'm pretty sure he's straight. I
don't know for sure," Tom tells him. "The most we ever do is watch some
sports on TV together, like football and Baseball... and even then we don't
chat. I don't even think he drinks beer."

"is that a religious thing, like he doesn't drink because he's like...a
Mormon?" Kevin asks.

Tom shrugs, "I really don't know."

After quickly devouring the burgers, they carry their trays back over to
the door and dump the napkins and wrappers in the trash bins. "Did that hit
the spot for you?" Tom asks.

"Your dick is gonna hit my spot," responds Kevin

"Private Jones, I want you to wear your boots tonight while you're sucking
my cock. They're very sexy," instructs Corporal Lansford.

Back at the house they check to see if Anton is around. He's in his office
with his arms around Private Greg Miller who just returned from his Hosting
duties, filling Anton in on the details.

"Hi Greg" Kevin waves, "welcome home."

"Hey Kevin, you got a message from Mr. Hoffman, the tailor" Anton tells
him. "He wants you to call him. He wants to fit you. Here's his number"

"Thanks, Anton. I'll call him in the morning," says Kevin

"Hey, Let's shower," Kevin says to Tom. And both the boys run upstairs to
remove their uniforms, including boots, and back to the showers, both
wanting to clean out. "Let's get nasty."

"Let me do you." Kevin says holding the cleanout hose in his hand. Tom
bends over spreading his cheeks. Kevin puts a little washable lube stuff on
the tip of the clean out hose and slides it into Tom's ass. Kevin depresses
the squeeze-on valve and sprays some nice warm water into Tom's ass. Tom
expels the water. Kevin says, Stay right there, baby. Don't move." Kevin
spits on his middle finger and sticks it in Toms butt hole.

"Ughhh that feels good," Tom says.

"Good boy. Stay just like that." Kevin puts his hard pecker right up
against Tom's hole and starts to piss. A trickle at first. Tom hums in
pleasure feeling Kevin's warm piss running down his inner thighs. Kevin
pushes in a little and starts to fill up Tom's ass with warm piss. Then he
starts to thrust a little, giving Tom a nice warm piss fuck. Tom loves his
ass being filled with Kevin's liquid.  They are both moaning and loving
it. "I thought I should warm up your ass so it's all ready for sitting on
my face."

"I love this. Fill it up. Keep going." Tom says. Kevin continues until his
bladder's empty.

Kevin lies down in the oversized shower, face up. "Sit on my face
baby. Come on... just do it."

Tom squats on Kevin's face, "let it go, baby... I want to drink the piss
out of your ass, baby," and Tom does as he's told. He just lets go right
into Kevin's mouth. Kevin tries to capture it all, but it's not like a piss
stream coming out of a cock. It's more like a sprinkler. It's a gusher. It
gets Kevin's face and chest wet. When done, Tom leans over Tom's reclining
body and they kiss like for several minutes, sharing the taste and
excitement from doing this together for the first time.

Tom whispers, "I love getting nasty with you."

It definitely didn't go unnoticed by four of the house guys who stood
outside the shower who watched and applauded when the boys were done.

"So let's rinse off." Said Kevin. "You know, my piss tastes so much better
when it's coming from your hot ass.'

Tom says, "we should to that again. I loved it. You know, Kevin, I imagined
that you were always going to be dom and I would always be your sub. But
it's so much fun to just find new ways to get kinky with you... and to be
each others sub... or dom. I'm learning so much more this way."

Once rinsed they grabbed a couple of towels and scurried up the stairs to
Apartment 14. Kevin told Tom to sit in the chair and proceeded to lick on
Tom's balls and then his hardening shaft, up and down and again and
again. Kevin is really good at this. Sucking Dick is the gift he always
likes giving. Yet he liked to get fucked even more if it's what both men
want. But Blow Jobs is Kevin's avocation. He could do it all day. This
evening, Kevin was looking to entertain Tom for a good long time. Maybe an
hour or more... then he would get on his back and entertain Tom's beautiful
hole with his experienced tongue. Tom was facing Kevin's head while his
hole was serviced. At one point Tom stopped and said "don't move." And he
got up to stretch his legs, turned to face Kevin's feet and proceeded to
squat again on Kevin's face. Now, he could play with Kevin's nipples and
his cock and balls. Tom started to edge Kevin's shaft. Kevin squirmed and
jerked, being no longer in control. Tom's new position put him in control
of Kevin, and they both knew it.

When Kevin jerked and complained about his changing positions, Tom jumped
up and leaned over Kevin's torso slapping Kevin on the face. "Shut the fuck
up," Tom ordered with staccato emphasis and when Kevin didn't do as
ordered, Tom slapped his face again, but harder. "Get your fucking tongue
back in my hole where it belongs." They only went for another four minutes
and Tom stood up and sat down on the bed. "Lie across my lap" Tom said
sternly. Kevin did as he was told. Tom spanked Kevin's ass 20 times, very
hard. It could be heard all through the house. It hurt Tom's hand as much
as it hurt Kevin's ass. "I guess I'm going to have to leave a leather
paddle in the bottom drawer as well as those shorts."

"Get up," said Tom." I want to see how red your ass is. Looks good. Now
let's go downstairs and watch TV with Anton so everybody can see your hot
red ass."

"Thank you, sir, said Kevin meekly. "I needed that sir."

"Yes, I know." Tom declared.

They went down stairs and got something to drink. "I'm sure everyone in the
house heard the swats you were taking. Now they can see it too," Tom smiled
evilly.

Tim and Owen turned Kevin around to look at his red ass. Owen even felt it
and make a comment about how hot his skin was hot to the touch. Anton
whistled at it and squeezed Private Jones ass. "Congratulations, Tom,
perhaps we'll have to refer to this event as Kevin getting his `corporal
punishment."

Tom says, `ha ha hardy har...really?"  "Come here Private Jones. Lay across
my lap... right here in front of everyone. Let them all see how pretty your
ass is." And Kevin did as he was told. Tom sat there rubbing Kevin's ass
for at least half an hour, slapping it occasionally. There seemed to be
more men walking around the house naked, feeling their stiffening parts,
that evening than usual. Everybody wanted to check out Corporal Tom's
work. They all wished it was them.

Tom got Kevin up to go to bed. They didn't speak of this scene again that
night.

Another chapter coming soon....

---

Untitled (Chapter 40)

Date: Fri, 27 Dec 2024 12:21:51 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 20

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Kink and Piss and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please stop reading.

Please help Nifty to continue performing their great work and entertaining
us. Please contributeto Nifty $25 or $50 every couple of
months. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments. I hope you
enjoy this story.
The Precursor to this story is "The New Army Recruit" written by
er14990606@gmail.com.

Kevin Jones -- New Orders 20

Day 11   -    1300


Anton walks back to the house. It's hot and he's in a regular army
uniform. He doesn't appear to be in a good mood.

"You okay?" Private Jones asks as he meets Anton on the asphalt path.

"I certainly don't want to discuss it out here. I think I need to look at
my notes before I spill my guts." Anton Says.

"But I do have your cell Phone" Anton says, "Tom got the UPS delivery while
I was there, here you go. Do you know how to use it?"

"I do. I think. I may have some questions though."

Kevin takes the phone out of the cloth pocket it came in. He opens it up to
see that there are 3 Contacts already in the phone and asks if the phone is
used. He's told it's not. He looks at the 3 contacts and realizes that
Corporal Tom put some entries into Contacts. He entered his own Office
phone, direct line, with a picture of himself. Smiling, complete wearing
his uniform sitting at his desk. The 2nd Contact was of Anton, along with a
picture Tom took this morning, and his mobile phone and office phone. The
third contact is "Dick McDickerson" with his private mobile number and a
picture of Tom's Semi Hard Cock. Kevin laughed out loud.

Just then he receives a text. " Don't worry about giving me your phone
number. I already have it." The text message informs him.

Text "Thanks for getting the phone for me." Kevin texts back.  Privates
Anton and Jones enter the house. "Come into my office. I want to talk with
you." Anton says. "I'm kind of at odds over something and I need to talk
about it. Maybe you can give me some ideas."

Jones listens and says, "Is this about your meeting with Sergeant Brown
this morning?"

"Yes, and you can't share this. Strict Confidence on this, okay?" Says
Anton, looking concerned. "It seems that the Sergeant is being pressured by
some higher up, I don't know who or where, because our unit looks like a
black hole on a management chart... I'm not really sure.  We don't look
like all the other units of Army men from their perspective. We don't show
a purpose for our unit and we don't show progress. So, apparently, those
higher ups are looking at us and wanting some of the blanks to get filled
in. The Sergeant needs our help with what they see is a need for
correction. And I'm not at all certain what that looks like."

"Is the Sergeant upset with us? Is the unit threatened?" Asks Jones.

"I don't think so," speculates Anton. "But I think that the problem might
be me. I'm not a good Drill Sergeant, you know. I'm not a disciplinarian,
and, let's face it. I'm a sub. I want to have fun and get fucked like
everybody here. The kinds of things that they're looking for me to do will
only alienate all the guys here."

"So, then, even if we're getting the job of `intelligence' done in a way
that reflects well on the Army, it's not enough, is that right? We are
pretty great at what we do, taking care of the Army's gay seniors, but they
want more?" Asks Private Jones, tentatively.

"Look, there are units that are like a military band that goes to holiday
functions and entertains the brass; there are units that guard tombs, there
are `honor guards,' there are Marines that solute the President when he's
boarding Marine 1. I think that, ultimately, we do way more good for the
Army than those units, but they can't parade us around out in front of a
bunch of Senators so they all feel good about themselves," Anton says with
a bit of resentment in his voice." What we do is behind the scenes, you
know? What we accomplish is more like a medical or psychological unit.

"You know, maybe we should figure out what we can do in front of the
cameras that will make the Army look really great. Maybe we should figure
out what an awesomely handsome group of Army Men can do that will make them
all be around of our unit. Have you talked to Greg about this ?"

"Well, no, I just walked in the door. I haven't seen Greg yet. But I don't
know that I'm going to talk to anyone but you about this. This is just too
much for me to keep to myself. I hope we can figure this out."

Jones replies, "how soon do we need to have a solution?"

"I'd say that this is a developing situation and I don't know. The Sergeant
will keep me informed," Anton states.

"Okay... when do you want to go over to the PX?" Kevin asks.

"I can go now. Go get some fatigues on and we'll leave," Anton says.

Kevin sends a text to Tom: `Headed to the PX, need anything?'

Toms text: `pick up a pair of running shorts for me. Do you need a
vehicle?'

Kevin: `will do... probably do need a vehicle.'

Tom: `I'll have a jeep delivered to you if there are any available.'

A few minutes later a young motor pool mechanic, Private Sean Covin, meets
the guys at their front door. He gives them the key and asks that they drop
him back at the motor pool on the way to the PX.

Anton whispers to Kevin, "I didn't know we could do this. This is great."

Privates Anton and Jones drop Private Covin at the motor pool facility and
drive onto the PX, they park out front and walk in. Jones observes "this
aint Walmart is it?." Jones asks Anton, "where do we go first?"

"I think we should look at boots first. We need to buy the food stuff last,
especially Milk." recommends Anton. "Clothes and shit are over this way,"
Kevin follows and heads right to the boot section, favoring the mid calf
black leather boots.

"Waddaya think of these? He asks Anton. "Are these army acceptable or
Privates?

"We can look up dress regulations when we get back to the house. But are
you buying these for the Army or for your Dore Alley outfit? Because
they're only like $80 here. I think the same boots in SF might be like
$300." Anton speculates. "I'd get `em. Try em on. You got to be able to
walk around in them. There are days that you'll be in these boots, all day
and night. Make sure you can be comfortable when you walk around."

Private Jones proudly chooses the 10.5 D sized boots. "These are probably
the best ones for me. I can't wait to wear them."

Next, Kevin finds a size 32 pair of Army Running shorts for Tom.

They go off to the food section, Anton pointing out the PX very basic
selection of sweeteners for coffee. Kevin picks up a couple of extra milks,

Anton pretty quickly heaps bunches of Bananas and apples and berries for
smoothies, besides the food stuff, also reads all the supplement bottle
labels. He gets several bottles of vitamins.  He gets bags of dried
fruits. He grabs some cookies (for his bottom drawer in his office) and
some Cliff Bars and some protein bars. His cart is full but tells Jones to
put his stuff in the basket. The only thing Anton cannot justify charging
to the House account is the boots. Jones has to pay for those.

When they return to the house, Kevin quickly puts on his new boots, tucked
under his fatigues, of course, but he really wants to show them off. Anton
suggests that he should keep wearing them so they become more comfortable
walking around in them, "but might be awkward around the house when you're
naked. Now, Kevin is even more excited for the upcoming road trip to SF
where he can show off his new boots.

On his new phone he calls Corporal Tom Lansford and asks if he has plans
for the night.

"You tell me." Tom says.

"I say that you do have plans to have dinner with me. I also saw a really
beautiful picture of a large cock on my phone and I'd really like to make
that desert. What time is good?

"Probably 1700. But I never know until I know," says Tom.

"See you later then," confirms Kevin. "send me a text when you're on your
way."

Downstairs, Anton goes to his desk after he gets everything put away that
he bought at the PX. He checks his messages and sees a message from
Sergeant Zelsky. Anton returns the call right away. "Sergeant, how is
everything?

"Good, thanks, I just wanted to let you know that I'm headed out your way
in a few days. Thought I'd find out what's going on in your unit. In other
words, how's Private Jones coming along?"

"He's a go-getter, for sure. He pushes himself here. Will you have some
time to visit with him? I know he'd love to see you." Anton asks.

"I hope so. We'll have to coordinate all of that when I know my schedule,
but right now I'm tentatively scheduled to arrive on the 23rd."

"Uhhhh, okay. Kevin's birthday is the 23rd. He wants to have a House `fuck
party' to celebrate with just the guys from the house. You're invited of
course, if you can make it."

"I'd love to, but let's keep it a surprise so that he doesn't get
disappointed if I can't make it. But I'll try, Says Zelsky. "I'll bet it
will be a great party."

"Does Sergeant Brown know you're coming out?" Asks Anton

"Not yet, but you can tell him. It's not a secret from him."

"Send me your arrival details, we'll pick you up at the airport like
always. And we'll keep it a secret for now at least." Anton promises.

Another chapter soon....

---

Untitled (Chapter 41)

Date: Sat, 14 Dec 2024 21:41:27 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 19

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Kink and Piss and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay military men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please find another story to
read.

Please help Nifty to continue performing their great work and entertaining
us. Please join me in contributing to Nifty $25 or $50 every couple of
months. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments. I hope you
enjoy this story.

The Precursor to this story is "The New Army Recruit" written by
er14990606@gmail.com.

Kevin Jones  -  New Orders 19


Day 11  -  0500 Hours


Kevin wakes up with Corporal Tom in his bed, with his arm OVER Tom's
chest. Feels nice. But he knows he needs to take his arm back in order to
get up. He plants his feet on the floor and attempts to get up. "Where are
you going?" asks his bedmate?

"I'm pretty sure that the coffee downstairs isn't going to drink
itself. And I need some of it. Do you drink coffee?" Kevin asks

"Of course. This is the Army. It's pretty much the fuel of Army men." Tom
explains

"How do you take it?" Kevin asks.  "Milk and Splenda" "I don't know how to
make that happen, but I'll come as close as I can. See you in a few. What
time do you start?"  "0800 but I'm usually at my desk around 0730," Tom
tells him.


Kevin checks in the Office first on his naked morning rounds. There sits
First Private William Anton. "Good Morning, Private Anton. How're you
feeling.?" Asks Kevin

"I feel great. Thanks for taking care of me last night. I needed the
company. "

Kevin, with a big grin on his face asks Anton, "do I get a review of my
performance? And do I have to review YOUR performance?"

You absolutely don't need to review my performance. But I hope you enjoyed
it," responds Anton. But I loved your dick in my ass." Anton tells him.

"I'd like to comment that your ass eating skills are so good. If you're
ever in need of a snack, my ass is all yours," Kevin joked with a big
smile. "Hey, do you ever get to the store?" Anton nods." Can I go with you?
I need milk and sweetener. Tom needs Splenda. And I think I need some boots
for San Francisco." Kevin explains.

"One thing at a time:" Anton says "Yes, I shop once a week at the PX. I buy
as much stuff at the base store as possible. You can shop there too, but go
with me and I'll show you how to do it. You can charge certain items to the
house. They do have Milk and Splenda. I have milk in the small fridge in my
room. I do go to the small market in town when I need to. The base PX does
carry boots. And yes, your rough pounding last night was exactly what I
needed. I'll go grab the milk."

"Thank you, Anton," said Kevin. When Anton returns with the milk, Kevin
fixes up 2 coffees and carries them both upstairs.

"Hmmm. Thank you. I could get used to this, ya know," says Corporal Tom.

"Me too, and I would like to be able to do this often. But, you do realize
that I'm not always available." Kevin admonishes, Tom. "I don't want to
hurt you he says as he kisses Tom's forehead, still on his pillow in
bed. I'm not sure it's good for us to be seen as a couple, plus I'm
definitely a sex pig. I need to fuck around with the guys here... plus I
want to. I'm learning stuff. Are you going to be able to stomach that going
forward, Corporal?"

Tom sits up, grabs his coffee in his left hand and draws a deep breath "Do
you think I'm too weak to be able to see you with other guys?" Asks
Tom. "The very first thing you did when we first met only 2 days ago is to
invite me to a `fuck party.'  Last night I got a taste of that when you
handed my ass off to some of your house mates, AND, Private Jones, I know
exactly what you do. I'm the guy that schedules most of everyone's
ambassadorial duties for the entire unit. Are you not aware that I'm the
guy who makes all the arrangements? And, as I recall, up to this moment, of
all of your prep to get your ass stretching work you do here, MY COCK was
the biggest one you've taken, so far. So, get over yourself. I can take
it. Plus, I don't expect for you to give me a friendship ring just yet, but
I sure would like to be welcomed into your bed once in a while when it's
convenient to our busy social schedules. Is that too much to ask? Just an
occasional overnighter? And one more thing, Private Jones, I can handle
more than one guy in a bed at a time. I think I proved that last
night... on our FIRST DATE!" Kevin takes a deep breath. Tom takes another
deep breath and then slows down... "Plus I really like you."

"You are a sexy fucker and I really like you too. I'm not sure I deserve
you. Like I said, I'm kind of a pig. But maybe you can join me and be a pig
with me on my little pig journey...sometimes, like whenever you want" Says
Kevin. "Do you have time to join us for this morning's run?"

"I didn't bring running gear. Can I leave an extra pair of running shoes in
your closet for next time you ask me?" Tom asks.

"Absolutely. Now, you still need to show me how to handle paperwork and
stuff. When can we do that?" Kevin asks.

"I have to check the master schedule. I'll leave you a message in the
office." Tom answers.

Kevin grabs the still naked man and hugs him and kisses him deeply. "I'm
feeling pretty lucky to have met you."

"Yup, you are," exclaims Tom.

___________________________


With Greg being out with an Officer Class guest, Kevin isn't familiar with
all the supplements he's been taking. "Anton, are my supplement doses
written down anywhere?"

"I don't think so, Private Miller keeps that shit in his head, but we did
discuss it." Anton says, "There's the Protein Drink, the Pre-workout
powder, the Post workout powder. I know Greg puts in half a banana in your
smoothie. Do you recognize anything else... any of these pills?"

"Not really. I guess I should pay attention, huh?" Says Kevin. "I'll write
it down. When is Greg back?"

"I think this afternoon, late." Anton guesses. "By the way, I have to do a
shopping trip this afternoon about 1400 hours, want to go with me?"

"Probably. Do you know who's my workout coach today?" Asks Kevin.

"Yes, I put you with Private Jackson... Anthony Jackson," Anton repeated
slowly. "So don't forget to asking about stretching exercises."

"Oh yeah, I will, thanks. Are you running this morning?" Asks Kevin

"Depends on my meeting with the Sergeant at 0815. I don't know how long I
will be. But I'm guessing that I won't make it for the run today."

"Let me know when you're going to the PX. I want to join you if I can,"
Private Jones requests.



The Unit gets out there on the track and runs together for the 2 miles
around the base. Many of the men typically go to the gym if not directed to
do something else. The Big gym with the weight stacks. Most of them have
their exercises down. They don't need coaching, however, it's always good
to have a workout buddy. It makes you accountable. The unit looks good,
working out in the gym or running or saluting or anything. These guys are
all lookers and they all know it. In fact, when the group is together in
public, like at the gym, they have a swagger that they don't usually carry
when they're back at the house. This is the `I'm an Alpha guy pose'. `It
would be very difficult to approach these guys if they were all standing
together. That's probably why they do it.' Kevin thinks,' It's protection.'

"We're gonna do chest and biceps today. I want to get a good workout on
your chest, I wanna pump up your Bi's today and I understand that you want
to do a little ass work after we're done." Said private Jackson.

"yeah, I've been told that you're the big man on campus," private Jones
said with a smile on his face. "I'm up for a long workout "

As they begin their set of exercises for chest and biceps, Kevin asks,
"what are your favorite things to work out?"

Anthony responds without changing his expression "chest, biceps, and
ass"...

"Then I guess I've got the right coach. Do you work out five days? Your
body is amazing."

"I'm glad you like... you're gonna need privacy for, uh, stretching?"
Anthony asks

" it doesn't seem to me like there is much privacy to be found at the
House," Kevin comments. I guess I'd really like to get into it, so yeah
maybe some privacy would be good but, you know... I'm not sure how to make
that happen. Or, if we are going to be done by 1400. I'm supposed to go to
the PX with Anton."

" Then maybe we should just concentrate on your biceps and then get onto
the good stuff," Said private Jackson.

The men continued to work with the weights, Anton was really making his
BI's pop by the fourth set of bench dips. "Your arms are getting bigger
already." Anthony says. "But let's head back over to the house and get to
the `deep tissue' stuff. "

Private Jones beams with his anticipation of this. He thinks as they walk
together this is so fantastic. This gorgeous, muscular black god is taking
me back to our house and he's gonna fuck me because I can't wait to get
fucked by his big dick. We've never kissed, I don't remember meeting at my
initiation. But I'd remember this for sure. "Were you at my introduction
party at the house? I think I'd remember."

"I wasn't. I was on a client visit that night. But I did hear about your
talent for drinking piss. That's awesome. Maybe we should start by my
catching up with that little ritual. We want to shower after that workout
anyway. But let's hit the showers now." Antony calculates.

Both men walk into the dressing room and take off their clothes. And they
grab one of the white towels off the top of the stack. Kevin has been Eager
to catch a glimpse of Anthony's dick. "Wow..."we're talking Zelsky level
impressive' he thinks. These two men start to shower and stand next to each
other, soaking up and playing with their dicks. They both know they're
about to fuck so there's no need to be coy about it. Private Jones steps
forward towards private Jackson and put a big wad of soap on Jackson's
chest and then rubs it around his shoulders and his armpits and down his
arms and then leans into a kiss. They're both into this. They're both horny
men. They kiss again.

Anthony says "get down on your knees and open your mouth." Kevin squats
down and puts his head back ready to receive Anthony`s cock. "Private Kevin
Jones, I'm private Anthony Jackson" he says as he starts peeing into
Kevin's mouth, "really thrilled to fucking meet you." Anthony doesn't stop
pissing until his bladder is empty. Kevin drinks it down happily. Kevin
licks his lips to make sure he gets all the semi salty goodness onto his
tongue. Anthony says, "fuck man, I really need a good urinal sometimes, you
know. You're so fucking hot. I'm thinking you're probably gonna be a good
fuck too. What a hot ass on you. Just lie down here on the king bed, or do
you need privacy?"

"I don't really care if I'm being watched anymore. It's kind of the norm
here." Says Kevin. "But I do need to finish cleaning out. I'll be right
there." Kevin finishes quickly and joins Anthony in the next room.

"Put your towel down on the bed and lay on top of it.

Kevin lies down stopping for the right moment to kiss Anthony one more
time. Big, deep kiss. "Take good care of my ass please." Kevin asks
sweetly.

"I'm gonna play with your ass for a while before I fuck you... I love
ass. I want to open you a bit. Have you ever been fisted? Anthony asks.

"No, but one of the guys here let me go in up to my elbow a couple of days
ago. I kinda liked it. But that's different than taking it." Kevin
responds.

"True," Anthony says, "but I'm gonna just use 2 or 3 fingers to open
you. My cock is pretty thick. I don't want to rip you... but I do want to
taste you. So open up for me."

Anthony lifts Kevin's legs. He spreads his ass and gets up close and licks
it. And repeats... a few times. Next swipe his tongue goes in. Anthony's
tongue seems strong and experienced to Kevin. Anthony presses the hole with
both thumbs and opens it. Anthony spits on it. Sticks his middle finger
solidly in. Kevin jerks. Anthony uses a little lube on this finger and
reinserts it. Much easier. He not so gently keeps poking at the hole. Now
the middle right hand finger and his left thumb. Now he penetrates
deeper. More. Now both thumbs. Spits. Anthony is really good at hawking
large wads of spit into Kevin's hole. These magical thumbs and fingers and
spit. It all winds up feeling like this is ecstasy.

"Kevin: "I could easily fall in love with your hand, Anthony."

"I think that's the definition of Fisting, Kevin. Do you want me to
continue or do you want my dick?" Anthony asks.

"I've been focused on your big thick cock, Anthony. And I think I'm ready
for it," Kevin announces.

"Okay then. I'm going to sit back on your bed and you're going to sit down
on me and give me a lap dance. You're gonna fuck yourself." Anthony tells
him. "Straddle my lap. Sit on my cock. And Ease your butthole down slowly
on my cock. Just sit down easy and swallow my cock with your very eager
cunt. Just swallow my dick up your big boy cunt. Just relax and drop
yourself on my Dick. My dick feels so good going in your cunt like
this. That's it, just drop your weight on it. Swallow it all up inside your
hole. God that feels so good."

Kevin loves it too, but he's lost for words at the moment. He's only
focused on the monster in his hole.

"Give me a lap dance, Kevin...  My cock is your playground. Just keep
taking this beast up your twat, handsome man. We both want this. Go for
it. In a minute we're going to switch and you're going to like down on your
back and I'm gonna fuck your ass off," Anthony tells him.

"Was that good?" Anthony asks. Kevin nods because he can't speak. He's a
little overwhelmed.

"Okay, get on your back, I'm gonna pound your hole." Anthony tells him. He
pushes Kevin further down on his back as he grabs Kevin by the throat and
just starts pounding away. Kevin is fucking thrilled. He just keeps taking
Anthony's hard, very thick cock. Yes, it's huge. And they're nowhere near
cumming. Both are excited and are quickly getting into the trance like
stage. The talking slows but the pounding doesn't. `It feels like surfing
must feel. Like grabbing the biggest wave out there and just riding it in.'
Kevin thinks.

Another several minutes. Kevin couldn't really feel any pain. It was just
kind of numb; He was in a sub headspace trance. Another fantastic few
minutes and Anthony announced he was gonna shoot deep into Kevin's
ass. Kevin had a grip on his dick the whole time but kind of just to assure
himself that it hadn't gone missing in his trance. Now that he knew Anthony
had the finishing line in sight, Kevin started jacking his dick.. And
suddenly, as if on schedule, they both shot a nice big load within seconds
of one another. Lots of heaving chests and deep breaths.

"While I was fuckin you I felt inspired to put you over my knee and spank
you. You ever get into that?" Anthony asked.

"Not so far, but I want to try..." Kevin lied. "but my birthday party is on
the 23rd and I've heard that Birthday swats might be happening. Are you
coming to that?" Kevin asked.

"I don't know my schedule, but there are a couple of Corporals that really
like my cock and I'm told they will be arriving in the next couple of
weeks," Anthony cautioned. "But I'd love to be there. Buck, fuck,
dude... we live in the same house, so we should be able to have some fun."

As Kevin stood up off the bed he grabbed the back of Anthony's neck and
kissed him in a very heartfelt way. "Thanks, Man, that was great. Let me
know if you ever want a repeat. Are you into 3ways?"

"Probably, I sure want to do more with you. Maybe tie you up... get a
little rough, you know?"

Kevin is intrigued, but a little bit hesitant too. But he knows he needs
more experience.


Another episode will be coming soon...

---

Untitled (Chapter 42)

Date: Wed, 4 Dec 2024 11:39:30 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones - New Orders 18

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Kink and Piss and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in his barracks house. This
is a fictional story about adult gay men. If you aren't interested, or this
is illegal where you live, please find another story to read.

Please help Nifty to continue performing their great work and entertaining
us. Please join me in contributing to Nifty $25 or $50 every couple of
months. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments. I hope you
enjoy this story.

The Precursor to this story is "The New Army Recruit" written by
er14990606@gmail.com.

Kevin Jones - New Orders 18


Day 10       2200


They walk out of apartment 14 to go downstairs and stretch their legs and
maybe wash up a little bit.  they walk naked down the stairs, letting go of
each other's hands only to use the handrail.

They get to the bottom, where the kitchen, dining room, family room, and
shower are all kind of in the same area. Kevin looks around the family room
to find Anton once again cuddled with some pillows and watching TV. He's
sitting alone. he looks up and he sees them walking around the house naked
and he summons them over with a wave of his hand.

"You guys have fun?" Anton asked.

"Can we sit with you for a moment or are you needing some alone time?"
Kevin asked

"No, actually I could use some company." Anton said, " I'm feeling kind of
bored and subby tonight. "

"anything you want to talk about, or can talk about? Kevin asked, as he
reached over to Tom sitting next to him naked on the couch and grabbed his
hand, pulling his hand over and placing it on his own leg, very close to
his junk.

Tom, being friends with Anton is a little tenuous about the statement being
made by the handholding. It's clear that these two men just had sex and
that they're still together for the night. Tom is a bit on edge, feeling a
little exposed to Anton who he's worked with for more than a year. This is
the Army, after all. Tom isn't used to how completely uninhibited the men
of the House are. Kevin's moving Tom's hand over to his leg is a statement
to Anton that Kevin is claiming this new guy as his.

Anton speaks slowly..."you know, we are all in this unit together. All of
us men here in this House are subs and we all fuck around together and it's
really easy to get attached in this extremely masculine atmosphere.
Tonight, Greg is out taking care of one of his clients. I am fully aware
that we all have responsibilities to the unit first. We are all
ambassadors, but, tonight I would've liked to have been cuddling with my
friend Greg here on the couch. I know that we're going to be cuddling again
in a day or two or three, but tonight I'm feeling a little needy.  So maybe
just sit and chat with me for a few minutes."

The reality of what Anton says hits home with Tom very quickly. He's just
been feeling as though private Jones might be his potential new sir. He
knows that that's an emotional response and he's been having these desires
for a long while, but he recognizes that it's also important that he hears
the reality of what Anton is talking about. Everybody has to realize that
this is probably not the best place to find the hottest man on earth and
nest with him. These are about Young, healthy, handsome, sexy soldiers.
Perhaps, Corporal Lansford is realizing that his most recent sex partner
can't actually fulfill the role of Dom-lover. This isn't anything that he
didn't comprehend, he's just having his face lightly slapped with
reality... again.

"We've been having a great evening. Tom took me out for pizza and a beer.
My first date ever, at a restaurant, with a soldier. I'm kind of excited to
spend the evening with this guy," Kevin says, putting his hand on Tom's
shoulder. "Did you have anything to eat this evening, Anton?"

"Not really any sort of meal", Anton answered. "More like cheese and
crackers."

"Really? We brought back some pizza, did you get any of that?" Kevin said

" Would you like for me to make some soup for you?"  Tom asked.

"No, it's OK. Kind of too late to eat. What I really need is a dick up my
butt."

Kevin and Tom shot a look back at each other and slightly nodded, giving
each other permission with just the slight twitch of their eyebrows.

"We can help you with that. Let's all get cleaned off just a little in the
shower and then we can go upstairs, if you'd like." Tom tells Anton.

As they all get up and walk toward the shower, Anton says why don't we just
use the bigger bed here? Your bed doesn't really fit three large men very
well. Though there is more privacy upstairs."

They turn on the shower and sort of wash each other`s backs and cracks.
Tom, not being too sure of Anton as a sex partner, asks if he needs any
help cleaning his butt hole.

"You know what, Tom, I don't know, but I'd love your finger in my ass, so
I'll just say yes" Anton replied, smiling.

"I was kind of thinking more about shoving a hose in your ass." Tom said
with a smirk

" OK, if you insist." Anton joked. But it wasn't really a joke and Anton`s
ass did get cleaned out and the other guys were a little bit relieved. "No
surprises"

The three of them kind of Jackin their junk in the shower to get a little
boned up, Anton asks "where should we go?" They all decided on the big bed
in the room next to the showers.

"You do realize that this is sort of an open invitation for anybody else to
be joining us if they like what they see," Anton said, "does that bother
you, Tom?"

Tom says, "I never been in that situation before so I don't know. Let's
find out, I'm discovering a whole New World tonight."

"Well I just fucked Tom. Fantastic ass. Fantastic Dick." He was about to
fuck me and we decided to stretch our legs out and we came down here to
found you. How would you like to start?" Kevin explained.

"Well like I said before, I'm feeling kind of subby, so you tell me how I
can serve you tonight." Anton stated

"I want you to eat my ass while I make out with the Corporal," Kevin said
to Anton. So, Kevin lies face down on the bed for just a moment, as Anton
gets to the foot of the bed, Kevin gets up on all fours. "Tom you lie down
on your back underneath me. Kiss me fucker," Kevin says sweetly.

Anton grabs Kevin`s glutes like they were wishbones and separates them in
order to find the pot at the end of the rainbow. "What a beautiful fucking
hole." Anton's mouth waters.  "I've never seen you from this angle... It's
a beautiful view from here." Anton's tongue and nose, go straight into
Kevin's crack and he starts to get high on the scent of Kevin's chute.
"Very manly." Anton goes to town on the hole. `Mmmmm, yes."

Tom's mouth is enveloped by Kevin's mouth. Kevin begins chewing on Tom's
lower lip. Kevin is in control, halting once in a while to look at Tom's
face. He smiles. Tom smiles back. He might not be able to be in a love
affair with this man, but he sure does like what he has with him. Tom
figures he'll take whatever he can get. Kevin tells Tom to crawl under him,
" get down there and start sucking my dick." And he does. Almost colliding
with Anton's chin. They do brush up against each other, and face-to-face
they kiss. They check out the mix of the scents on each of their faces.

"Get back to my Dick, boy" Kevin tells Tom.

 "And you get your tongue back in my ass where it belongs, boy!" Kevin says
sternly to Anton, raising his voice.

Anton grinned when he heard private Jones call him a `boy'. He is a sub
just like all the rest of them. He needs to be allowed to serve
occasionally. He figures he can trust private Jones to manipulate the
situation like a good sir would. Anton continues to eat Kevin`s ass. Not
just a little. Not just a little lick on his hole, but his giant tongue
deep in the cavity of Kevin's ass.

`Anton is a big, tall man, he should have tongue to match the rest of his
body,' thought Kevin. "Go deep, boy. Service my fuckin hole!"

Kevin loving Anton's service, could only get better by a good cocksucker
working his pucker.. suddenly, and without comment, Kevin started recalling
one of his favorite porn movies where two hot men were working on the stars
Hole and Dick at the same time. Just exactly like what was happening to him
now. The realization of a fantasy. What could be better? " Don't you guys
dare stop until I give you permission. That's so good. Tom, lick my balls!"
Kevin keeps the orders flying so that these to subs don't get bored serving
him. He realized that he could be close to an orgasm if he wanted to end
this. But he doesn't.

"OK boys, Kevin said, time to fuck." Anton was so engrossed in Kevin's ass
that he keep chomping for another minute because he didn't hear Kevin's
direction. As they stopped, and disengaged, they realize that they were
three men standing at the side of the bed, beating their meat.

"We have company. Good evening men. We're just having a little fun," Anton
said.

"Who wants to get fucked?" All the men raise their hand.

"OK... Do any of you want to fuck? "all the men drop their hands....
"Somebody's gotta do the fucking. What if we trade off?" and all the hands
raise again, just a little more tentatively than the first exuberant
response.

Private Jones instructs Tyler Johnson, "you fuck Noah. You want to suck
dick or get fucked" Kevin asks Tom. "okay you suck on Bill's dick" and
Kevin leans over and kisses Tom on the mouth. "I won't be long," he
whispers in Toms ear. Kevin tells Anton that he's about to get fucked.
"Give us a little space on the King Bed, Anton, get on your back, legs up!"

Kevin had only gotten done shooting lots of cum in Tom's ass maybe only 30
minutes before, but he thought that at least he could work his dick up to a
good fuck even if he couldn't cum right away. His buddy Anton told Kevin
that he needed a dick in his ass. Kevin was going to be a good friend and
fuck him.

Kevin simply spit on Anton's ass and rubbed it around to see if there was
enough lube. He grabbed a little more just to be safe. He spit on it again,
spreading the saliva over and into the big hole. The last thing he wanted
to do is give Anton a dry fuck "here goes fucker." Private Jones was not
particularly gentle. Private Jones was viewing this situation as a friend
in need but even more so as like a cat in heat. Tenderness is not required
in such situations. It's just only about getting the job done. and it went
on for a while, finally Anton feels his balls churn as he gets close to an
orgasm. One of the boys getting fucked on the bed had his face across
Anton's belly, watching him get roughly fucked. Kevin sees what's happening
as tells the Boy to open his mouth "and take Private Anton's Load!"  It was
all very practical. Kevin satisfied Anton's hole. But Kevin saved his cum
in case it might be needed later.

Kevin was aware that Tom had he had gotten separated in the event and
wanted to see where Tom was mentally at this point before he invited him
upstairs to, spend the night and cuddle.

Kevin pulls Tom up off the bed and puts his arms around his neck and says
"Hey boyfriend, how are you feeling? I mean, we got kind of weighlayed,
didn't we?  Sure wasn't how either of us thought this was gonna go. But I
kind of thought Anton needed a little moral support. So I wonder if we
actually gave him what he needed?"

"I'm fine. I understood what you were doing, but I got a really nice fuck
early in the evening and I'm very happy," says Tom, demonstrating his
feelings with a tender kiss.

" so what do you wanna do now?" Kevin asked gently.

"I want to take another fucking shower and then I wanna go upstairs and be
with you alone. I don't really care what we do, whatever you'd like, sir."

"You do realize that I can't be your Sir." Kevin said.

"Yeah, I do kind of realize but, how's this? I won't call you, sir around
anyone else, but when you're fucking me, I'm gonna call you, `sir' and you
can't make me stop". Big Grin " I'm gonna go jump in the shower." Kevin
follows

Once again, the boys wash each other down, relishing in soaping up and
stroking their dicks, actually mostly each other's dicks and cracks,
especially when each of the men sticks their finger up the other's butts.
They leave the shower slightly wet and continuing to towel off as they walk
upstairs. Kevin drying off Tom's ass and legs, as Tom blazes the way. They
walk up the stairs and duck into Kevin's cubby.

When they get inside apartment 14, Kevin says "what do you want to do?"

"I was thinking about that while we were showering. You never got to get
fucked tonight. You were helping out your buddy down there. Up here you
were helping me out. You were fulfilling my fantasy. So, I'd like to do
whatever you'd like, I only came when you were fucking me. I haven't cum
since, so my dick is recharged, so I'm willing to fuck you if you still
want me to.

"I'd love that." He squeezed his arms around Corporal Tom Lansford and puts
his lips on his face and his tongue in his mouth with the greatest of ease,
Tom accepting Kevin`s kisses willingly.

As they lay back on the bed together, Tom says "I have to tell you that I
loved watching Anton eat your ass this evening. It was really fun to watch
up close like that. He's got a great long tongue on him. You must've been
in heaven. He sure did love what he was doing. I think he would've stayed
there with his tongue in your ass all night if you'd let him."

"Awesome. Too bad you didn't get to take a video. I could be a porn
star. But what I want right now is your dick in my butt hole. Do you like
that idea? You wanna fuck me big man?" Kevin asked.

"Oh yeah... Do you think that you're opened up enough at this point or
should I eat your ass for a while?" Tom questioned.

"You're gonna make love to me, however you think you should. I'll take
anything you have to give me," Kevin said

"I love being naked with you. I'm hardly ever naked. But with you it feels
so normal. I walk around here with you with a boner and it doesn't bother
me. But, I need you to suck my dick for a few minutes until I get pumped up
again... okay? "Tom asked.

"Okay, hot stuff. I'll do whatever you need." Jones replies.

"I need you to suck my cock, mister." Kevin dives down on Corporal
Lansford's dick and does what he knows how to do best, He sucks Tom's
cock. Tom actually can't believe how accomplished a cock sucker he is. His
dick gets stiff quickly.

"How did you do that so fast? You're a fantastic cock sucker, Kevin. Where
did you learn that?"

"When I was a younger teen ager, that's what I did for fun before I signed
up for the Army. I was always sucking off the football team or whatever hot
guy I could find." Kevin said.

"Lucky Quarterback, I'll bet," suggested Tom

"Yup, he was lucky, and he had the BEST tasting cum" declared Kevin, "He
was always trying to convince me to let him fuck me. But I was too scared
of taking a dick in my ass. I mean, kids weren't careful or clean. But that
wasn't the reason. I was just scared of my own butt hole. I hadn't
developed a good relationship with my ass."

"You seem to have made up the lost time. And it's nice and clean now...
suck me a little more. "Tom instructed. "Do you prefer to be on your back
when you're getting railed or face down."

"Dude, you're in charge for this one. You tell me."

"Face down, then," says Tom. "I'm hard enough."

Tom gets on top of Kevin, straddling him... THWACK... Tom slams his right
hand on Kevin`s buttocks. "I wanna make sure you're fucking paying
attention."

"I'm pretty sure that you're hard 10 1/2 inch cock in my ass is gonna keep
me wide awake. Yes, you have my attention." Kevin tells him.

"Good... push out. Take by big thick cock. I want you to feel every inch of
this. I don't want you to forget it. You keep talking about needing a
bigger dick. Here it is, boyfriend." And then, now that he's about halfway
in, he pulls back out, strokes his cock a couple of times, making sure it's
got enough slickness, and slams it all the way back in. "I'm not gonna let
you forget this for a second. I hope you felt that. I did. My dick feels
awesome in your ass. I wanna leave my mark on your boy twat. I want you to
remember this fuck so that your legs fly open whenever I walk into your
room. You on the floor, worshiping my balls, you licking my taint" Tom
continually using all of Kevin`s favorite kinky terms, knowing that it's
making him harder with every thrust he takes. Kevin has a good size dick on
him, but he's on his stomach and it's getting pinched between him and the
bed as it gets harder and bigger. Tom ignores Kevin's discomfort for the
moment, keeping Kevin's libido turned up to high with his nasty talk and
his really large penis slamming his hole.

Kevin asks him to stop for a moment so he can adjust his balls that are
getting smashed by Tom's aggressive fucking. Tom completely ignores him and
keeps pumping away. "You're not gonna distract me from fucking your needy
little Cunt... I've wanted this Cunt ever since the moment I'm laid eyes on
you. I might not be able to own it, but I own it right now, and there's
nothing you can do to stop me from fucking it. I'm just gonna keep going
until I'm done. I can't stop. It's gonna take a while." THWACK, Tom smacks
his ass again. "I love spanking you. One day soon I'm just gonna throw you
over my lap and spank the shit out of you... for a good long while. Put you
over my fucking knee and paddle your ass. I want to see it turn it bright
red. You know why, `cause I want your attention. I want you remember my
cock in your boy Cunt. You are mine until I release you. Do you understand
that boy?"  Tom doesn't let up. He continues his dirty, controlling
language and Kevin responds just as Tom expected him to. Both of them
breathing hard and their bodies jerk a little with every thrust.

"I'm about to cum in your ass boy." Tom announces.

Corporal Tom Lansford shoots a nice large wad of cum in boy Kevin`s ass.
It's dripping. Tom is stroking his wet, cum soaked cock. "Clean it up
boy. Lick that shit off my dick. "

Tom is charged and kind of out of breath. Kevin is still laying on his
stomach, his asshole aches. Not from the size as much from the
action. Kevin is one happy boy.

"My God, Tom. I had no idea you could be so dom."

"You know, you inspired me when you were fucking me earlier... but to tell
you the truth, I was just reciting the lines that a Dom guy in one of my
favorite porn movies. I've seen it so much that I can remember every
word. That was pretty good, huh?" Says Tom. "But, in reality, I feel like
I'm mostly your boy."

The two men looked at each other and just started laughing, they threw
their arms around each other and just kept giggling, alternating with
kissing.

"You did that for me, just to get me jacked up? It sure worked. I got so
into it. And, Tom, you can fuck me like that any time. I loved it so much.
And I love your big cock... especially when it's in my ass." The men kissed
and hugged for a good half hour before they fell asleep entwined in each
other's arms.

... another chapter coming soon

---

Untitled (Chapter 43)

Date: Sat, 23 Nov 2024 07:58:21 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 17

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Kink and Piss and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in the house. This is a
fictional story about adult gay men. If you aren't interested, or this is
illegal where you live, please find another story to read.

Please help Nifty to continue performing their great work and entertaining
us. Please join me in contributing to Nifty $25 or $50 every couple of
months. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments. I hope you
enjoy this story.

The Precursor to this story is "The New Army Recruit" written by
er14990606@gmail.com.


Kevin Jones  - New Orders 17

A few days later - Day 10      1530


"Private Anton, I have to say, that, while I enjoyed Joey Reynold's dick,
it wasn't as challenging as I thought it would be. I'm gonna have to go
find Anthony Jackson. I'm hoping he's bigger."

"I really want to get a hold of Tom Lansford. Do you think I could just go
over to his office or would that be too pushy?" Asks Kevin.

" tell you what," says private Anton, "I'll call him from my cell phone in
a few minutes and ask him what his extension is. I want to follow up on
that party date anyway. I've got some thoughts about your party. I'm
thinking that somebody is probably gonna wanna give you swats for your
birthday. I think maybe it would be kind of hot to raffle off who's gonna
do that. What do you think?

"Kinky. First of all I love getting spanked., So yeah, no problem, but it
kind of seems a shame that we're gonna do this party and not have it be a
kink fest. I've kind of been turned on by the idea of getting my leather
shorts.

" by the way, speaking of a kink fest, I looked up Dore Alley online."
Reveals Kevin. "It's really wild! It seems like these boys have any kind of
sex they want right in public, outdoors. The more outrageous the better. I
saw a video of one of these guys getting whipped, tied up in public and
really taking a beating The more I think about it, the more I'm looking
forward to it in person.  And I'm thinking that I need to be more prepared
for that weekend. So, Anton, can we find sometime in the next few days for
you to fuck me? I need to get opened up more. I need to be able to take
bigger dicks. I need to be able to take Sergeant Brown. And, Can we go to a
leather bar? Would you be into that? I'm curious to know if you're gonna
keep me on a leash the whole time or if I can wander around on my own? What
about leather boots? I've been thinking about the boots that I have. What
are you gonna wear?" Kevin shot all these thoughts and questions out of his
mouth as fast as he could say it.

"Wow, slow down, buddy. You obviously been thinking about this trip," Anton
answers. "Glad that you're excited. I think we need to slow down a little
bit and think about how we discuss this in private. Everyone here doesn't
need to know what we're up to. I'm going way off the reservation to take
you with me so let's just proceed a little more quietly, OK?"

"Yeah, of course," agrees private Jones.

"Does Greg know that you're taking me to this leather fair?" Kevin says in
hushed tones. "I mean, I know that he is kind of protective of you. Are you
going to leave him in charge when we're gone?

" you know, private Jones, that we get along pretty well. But you are
getting close to crossing a line here. I don't think I need to tell you
what my plans are when I leave. Somebody else in charge will be decided by
me and Sgt Brown. It has nothing to do with you.

"Yes, Sir, understood sir," Private Jones says stiffly

"Umm, Sir... can you give me Tom Lansford's number, please."

"Sure, sorry, I forgot," says Anton. His extension is 3434. You can use
this phone, Anton says as he walks out of the office, leaving Private Jones
to make his call.

Jones dials 3434 on the phone. "First Sergeant Tyrone Browns Office," says
the voice at the other end.

"This is Private Kevin Jones, I'm calling for Corporal Lansford."

"Hi Kevin, how are you?

"Great, great." So, I want to come over to your office and learn some of
this office procedure stuff. Do you do that or what? I mean, this is the
Army. Maybe there's a manual or something. I don't want to get you to do
something you'll get in trouble for," Says Kevin.

"Actually I was kind of hoping that I could get into some trouble with
you," Kevin could hear the grin in Tom's voice.

"I want to schedule a time to learn this stuff. But I was hoping that you
had some time, after work, when we could go grab a pizza and you could
sneak me a beer. But you'll have to drive, I don't have a Utah drivers
License yet. I don't have a car either," Kevin admitted.

"I can get out of here about 17:00. I'll come pick you up and we'll go
somewhere, but Kevin...

"Yes?" Kevin queries.

"You're gonna have to wear clothes... but only for awhile. And I'll help
you hang them back up when we get back to your place," Tom jests.

"Oh," Kevin chuckles. "You remembered what I said."

"About you fucking me afterward? Yes, somehow that didn't slip my mind. And
I'm counting on it. Can I take a shower over there?" Tom asks.

"Of course. You're gonna have to come to the door though, I don't have a
phone. See you soon."

Almost Instantly it occurred to Kevin that he better have a quick talk with
Sammy, his new `sub'boy. He runs up to Sammy's apartment to have a quick
chat.

"Sammy, we have to have to talk."

Sammy says `sure'

Sammy, you understand that everybody here in this unit is a sub, correct?
"Kevin asks... I mean, we all have military brass that we take care of so
we kind of have to be subs, right? Sammy nods. So you understand that I am
a sub too, right? Sammy nods. So, are you really wanting to be my dedicated
sub? I mean, that would make you the sub of a sub, wouldn't it ?" Sammy
nods his head in agreement. So then, are you really being serious about
being my Sub boy.

"Sure, why not?" says Sammy. "I mean. You're a really hot guy. You walk
like a Dom. You act like a Dom. You talk like a Dom and I really like
you. And I really loved sucking your cock. So, do you not want me sucking
your dick anymore?"

"actually, I loved your sucking my dick. I just can't always have a sub
boy. If you wanna suck my cock, I'm always happy to have you come suck my
cock. But sometimes I won't be there in bed, cause I'll be out with a
client. Like, tomorrow I may have somebody sleeping over. I don't want you
to be disappointed by that. I don't want you to have expectations that I
can't live up to, do you understand?" Kevin tells Sammy.

Sammy Nods in understanding. Kevin kisses Sammy on the mouth and says
"Thanks," and walks downstairs to the office. Sammy verges on tears, but
pulls himself together. `I'll be okay,' he tells himself.

__________________________

Kevin wants to make nice with Anton. And so he goes back down to the office
and sees if Anton is there. He is.
Anton answers, "hey what's up, Kevin?"

Kevin answers "I apologize for overstepping earlier. I would never do that
on purpose. I guess I was just overly enthused."

"I was unfair in my criticism. I am not crazy about the fact that Greg and
I appear to be a couple. That's not your fault. That's my fault, but I
don't want it to get out of hand and I shouldn't have snapped at you."
Anton responded. "At any rate I appreciate your enthusiasm. It helps jack
up the entire house..."

"I connected with Tom Lansford and he and I are going to go get pizza about
1700 and then he's gonna come back here with me." Kevin said. And we're
going to discuss me getting trained with all of the office plan stuff that
I might have to encounter with clients. Is that something that anybody else
in the house would need to know about?"

Anton says "that's actually a good thought. We used to do that. I guess I
got too busy and let that slide. Do me a favor and ask him if he would be
willing to maybe teach us as a group."

"I'm assuming Tom is a sub. Am I right? Asks Kevin.

"I sure think so. He's a very handsome guy. I think you'll have fun in any
case. Let me know how it goes. I might want some, Anton says." Smiling.

Private Jones cleaned up and got dressed in his off-base uniform. He looked
like a proper soldier.

At 1700 exactly, corporal Tom Lansford drove up the group House to pick up
Private Jones, in a motor pool jeep, looking extremely butch... Private
Jones was impressed, having never before ridden in a military Jeep.

As Private Jones hops in the passenger seat, "This jeep just makes me want
to rip off your clothes that much faster. It is so hot. " Tom responds with
an even bigger smile than he arrived with.

Once off base, they drove for only about 10 minutes to get to the pizza
place. They got seated immediately because they were pretty early. Tom went
up to the counter and ordered, a large pepperoni and two beers. And he paid
for it.

"Tom thank you so much. I think maybe this is the first time I've been on a
date with an army guy... I mean, like leaving the base and eating in a
restaurant.  Can I contribute?" Asks Jones

"Yes, you can. I'll take payment in the form of a load of your cum in my
ass, does that work?

"what could possibly be better" Kevin asks, "than a piece of pepperoni
pizza, A beer, and a fuck? I LOVE that!

"I think that we should take the rest of the pizza and leave it on the
kitchen counter for the guys." Tom suggests.

"There won't be a trace of it in the morning," says Kevin smiling.

­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­______________________________

After corporal Lansford returned the Jeep to the motor pool, the two men
walked over to the house only a quarter mile away, both of them wanting to
hold hands, but knowing that was a bad idea. Kevin held up his thumb to the
door scanner and buzzed them in. Once through the door, they grabbed each
other and hugged and kissed for the first time in full uniform. These boys
were ready for the lust that was waiting for them upstairs in Apartment 14.

"Want something else to drink?" Asked Kevin.

"Whaddaya got?" Tom asked.

"I have no idea. Let's look in the fridge" and there was a small note taped
to two beers in the refrigerator door. The note said `I saved these two for
you. Thought you might get Thirsty. Anton'

Kevin grabbed the two beers and read the note to Tom. "I think we should
drink these beers now just in case we get thirsty later." And kissed him
with a great big grin on his face.

"Wanna grab a shower? Kevin asks

"to be honest, I'm really eager to go upstairs. What do you want to do? Tom
asks.

"Pretty much everything. Tell you what, let's go upstairs and get naked and
sniff around for a few minutes. So far, I love your scent, and I would love
to get my nose in there." Kevin kissed Tom again... a bit more than a peck,
but not full tongue.

"I'm good with that, but I'm definitely gonna clean your ass out. I'm a
clean freak," states the Corporal with a slight smirk and a wink.

Kevin says, " I get that, but can we go upstairs and just kiss for a
while?"

Tom responds, "absolutely."

Kevin has his arms around his newest buddy. Gently unbuttoning his shirt,
helping him loosen his pants. "sit in this chair," and Kevin gets down on
his knees and loosens Tom's military boots." I love boots, especially those
tall black ones with huge laces, and as Tom casually pulls his pants down,
Kevin sticks his face in to Tom's crotch and licks around his
underwear. Tom already had a nice half-staff Boner, but that got bigger
pretty quickly. And now, Kevin strokes Tom's Boner through the fabric of
his underwear, breathing his hot breath onto Tom's balls. His tighty
whiteys like an aphrodisiac between the two men. "you realize that we
haven't even discussed limits or anything."

"You already know that I don't have much experience. I have a lot more
experience watching porn than actually being with a guy, so you tell
me. What are your limits?," Tom shucked his underwear, Kevin didn't want to
lose the opportunity to smell Tom's pheromones. He planted his face in
Tom's now naked crotch. Kevin couldn't even stop himself from licking Tom
balls. It was involuntary. And Tom just sat there gently stroking the top
and back of Kevin`s head. "You just stay there as long as you want. I love
this." Tom told Kevin.

Eventually, the two men got up and continued to feel each other's naked
body. Kissing and rubbing each other`s backs and butts. "You know Pizza and
beer tastes good on you." Private Jones tells the Corporal.

"You know, you didn't answer my question. What are your limits?" Tom asks
again.

"My limits are Blood, Scat, women, illegal drugs. You?" asks Kevin.  Tom
replies, "I think the same. But what sex do you like most?

"You know, I am kind of inexperienced too, but I have watched a lot of porn
and I only know what gets me going," admits Kevin.

"okay... What gets you going? Like, when you're watching a porn for a while
and you get harder and you jack harder... What is it that makes you shoot?"
challenges Tom. What makes you cum hard?"

"Wow, I guess that there are a few things. I love to watch guys share
piss. I love to watch men fuck in leather and I really get off when a dom
guy is forcing a sub to do anything. Like if he gets excited and slaps the
sub, or puts his hand about the subs throat while he's fucking him. You
like movies like that?" asks Kevin.

"yup," agrees Tom. "But I've never done it.

"I also really like movies where the sub gets tied up. But I've never done
that either." Kevin shares.

They decided this would be a good time to go take a shower because neither
of them wanted to slow down again in the process of getting to know one
another.

They walk down to the showers naked, both with big, full packages between
their legs, each barely able to walk without grabbing the other man's
ass. As they step into the shower, Tom says, "gotta piss?" Kevin wasn't
expecting that, even though it was part of how they started to connect. A
bit surprised Kevin replied, "always." Tom got down on his knees in the
shower and stuck out his tongue aiming for Kevin's cock. Kevin started
spewing piss just as Tom's mouth captured his shaft. And even while Kevin
was pissing, Tom started to suck a little on the head. "Oh My God, that
feels so great, you've done this before, haven't you? Don't stop sucking my
dick... Drink it all. Tom swallowed most of it, spilling very little, and
kept on sucking.

When Kevin was done, he asked "You got any for me?"

"Oh yeah.... Do what I just did to you, suck the head while I'm feeding you
my piss." Kevin sank to his knees and happily took Tom's 2 or 3 of Tom's 10
inches into his mouth, teasing his piss slit with his tongue. Tom moaned as
Kevin drank. "Have you ever done that before? It's incredible, isn't it?

When Tom was finished, Kevin stood up and embraced Tom. They went into a
deep tongue kiss as they stood together, each of the men embracing the
other with exploring hands, with tongues exploring and tasting one
another. "Yummmm... your piss tastes good even the second time. Kevin
lifted Tom's left arm and quickly attacked his pit with his tongue.

Kevin asks, if Tom would help him clean out his ass, "you know, just so you
know it's totally clean. `Cause I want you in there," Kevin whispers in
Tom's ear. "Your tongue and your cock."

"That's the nicest invitation I've had this year. You bet I'll clean
you. You want to clean me out too?" Tom asks. Kevin flashed Tom a look of
`you're joking, right?' "Of course I do."

They wash each other's pits and crotches and feet and toes and absolutely
everything they can reach. And then they stand there in the shower with the
water still running warm water on them, kissing madly, fingers attempting
to clean every crevice.

"What do you want me to do to you?" Asks Kevin.

Tom answers: "I think that I can take some rough play. And I trust you. If
you want. I can take it.

"I love getting fucked," Kevin says, "your cock is pretty large isn't it?

"10 1/2 inches. And pretty thick. But it hasn't had a lot of use because
some guys can't take it. I mean, this is Utah. So I stay home and watch
porn and beat off."

"Fuck me.... No, really, please fuck me?  Let's dry off" They're both
laughing and holding hands as they walk back up to Apartment 14.

In Kevin's apartment they just stand there, kissing and fondling each
other. Kevin leans forward to licks Tom's nipples. "oh my god... they don't
get used a lot, except by me. They're so sensitive," Tom says.

Kevin's knees seemingly buckle as he gets down to the level of Tom's balls
and starts to suckle them. "I want you to lie down on the bed. I need to
worship you for a while... maybe all night. He pulls Toms arms over his
head, and as Kevin slides down towards his chest, Kevin stops at Tom's face
and kisses him and says, "you keep your arms right there." Kevin looks at
him seriously, eye to eye. "Don't fucking move," Kevin says in kind of a
stern way. And Tom didn't move.

Toms nipples were molested by Kevin's fingers and tongue and mouth for
several minutes, Tom moaning increasingly. Kevin moved down again, to Tom's
balls. "I can't get enough of these boys. They're so perfect, "Kevin says
as he continues to review each element of Tom's sexy body. Kevin, lifts
Tom's balls with his tongue, seeking to move them as if exploring for
something good to eat. Tom's Taint quickly got used to the sensation of
licking and slurping. Kevin continues to verbally comment on each of Tom's
body parts, and then licks them clean.

Kevin pulls his body back up to Tom's arm pits, which Kevin worships with
his tongue while simultaneously drags his fingertips across the exposed
underside of Tom's left forearms. Tom gasps at the sensation and Kevin
progresses to the other pit, totally controlling Tom who couldn't move even
if Kevin had allowed it, mesmerized by the sensations.

Kevin realized that he was hungry for butt hole and got into position to
turn Tom over onto his stomach. Nothing was spoken. Kevin gently but
deliberately pulls Toms legs apart. And kind of dives into position of
inspecting this man's hole very closely. He sniffed it first. Rubbing it a
bit. Small gasp from Tom. And then Kevin licks it. Again, and again. And
then he pulls the crack open more and becomes enthralled with how beautiful
and pristine this hole is. His tongue swells a bit and he starts lapping
and lapping at the hole as it swells a little and starts to flower and
grow. "push it out a bit for me Tom," orders Kevin. "I need to get in
there." As Tom pushes, Kevin's tongue goes deeper. Kevin's thumbs are
really stretching the hole wider. The wider the hole, the deeper the
tongue, until Kevin can't get deeper without using more fingers. More
fingers are deployed and getting deeper, until he hears Tom speak.

"Fuck me Kevin. I need your dick," Tom says softly.

"Yeah?" Kevin responded. "you're good with that?" Tom nodded. "Do you want
me to cum in your ass? Tom nods and moans slightly, again in the
affirmative.

Kevin pulls his body up next to Tom's on the bed and kisses him on the
lips. "Boy, this isn't what I expected at all. You're really good with
this, boy? Kevin asks

Tom nods with most of his head and neck. He opens his eyes out from under
the sexual trance and says, "Am I your boy? Do you want me to be your boy?"

Kevin says, "you are my boy right now... Boy !"

"Fuck me Kevin. I want your dick, Sir."

Kevin grabs is own very hard cock and jacks it a few times. He pulls some
lube out of this bedside table and gets his finger wet. One finger goes in
Tom's ass, then two, working it around to make sure his hole is fully
covered. Then 3 fingers. Tom is moaning and then gasps as Kevin slaps his
ass cheek. And then another, a little harder.

Tom smiles. "Kevin, I'm so ready.... Fuck me." Kevin's thick dick makes
contact with Tom's hole.

"Push your hole out a little... My dick needs this." Says Kevin. And so it
went. Slowly at first. Tom's hole accepted it well. And then Kevin staring
slow pumping his dick as if drilling for oil. "does that feel good?"

"It's great. Keep going." About three minutes in, Kevin lifts Tom's ass up
like 6inches and says, "Keep it right there. That's so great... perfect."

After several minutes' with his ass up, Kevin says, "Get on your back,
boy." Tom flips over. Kevin doesn't miss a beat, his cock finding it's cave
just as quickly as he's left it. The pounding got a bit more intense. "It
inspires me to watch your face while I'm fucking you."

Tom, joking around says, "Yeah, just keep pounding my hole."

Kevin slaps Tom across the face, not so gently, and then wraps his right
hand around Toms throat and says "shut the fuck up, boy" all without
missing a single thrust into the boys hole but with increasing intensity.

"Tom was surprised to say the least, and thrilled beyond his own instant
cognition of what was happening. Within seconds, realized he did now have a
sir. A thrill travelling up from his butthole to his brain.

Private Jones shot a large amount of white goo into Corporal Lansford's
ass. Jones puts his arms around Tom's upper body, embracing him and kissing
sweetly. "Did I tame that inner beast?

"Yes," said Tom thoughtfully, "but it's not the only beast in this bed. I
maybe should walk around a few mins, maybe take another shower, get charged
up a bit. Do I need permission to get out of bed, Sir?" Kevin grabs Tom's
throat again as he gives Tom a very romantic, sloppy kiss.

"No. It'a still sort of early, it's only 20:30. Do you have the energy for
some more?" Kevin asked.

"I do if you do," replied Kevin.

As Tom stood up out of bed, Kevin said, "Hey, let me help you with that."

"With what? Tom said in surprise.

"Just lean over the bed for a minute." Kevin pushes Tom over across the
bed, onto his elbows and then gets on the floor behind him and starts to
lick on Tom's legs.

"What the fuck are you doing?" Tom asks. Kevin smiles while still on his
knees, taking a big swipe up the back of Tom's legs.

"My cum is leaking out of your ass." Kevin spreads Tom's cheeks and felches
out a big wad of his own cum. "It's pretty delicious. Wants some?" Both men
stand up and kiss, sharing the bounty.

"You're right, that is good." Delights Tom, his eyes getting a little
bigger. "Do you still want to get fucked?" Tom asks Kevin.


Another chapter coming soon...

---

Untitled (Chapter 44)

Date: Sat, 16 Nov 2024 12:33:50 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders - 16

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a story about Kink and Piss and a sexy Army
Private who is actively getting to know the men in the house. This is a
fictional story about adult gay men. If you aren't interested, or this is
illegal where you live, please find another story to read.

Please help Nifty to continue performing their great work and entertaining
us. Please join me in contributing to Nifty $25 or $50 every couple of
months. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments. I hope you
enjoy this story.

The Precursor to this story is "The New Army Recruit" written by
er14990606@gmail.com.


Kevin Jones  - New Orders 16

Day 4       0500

Kevin Jones woke up in his bed, alone, feeling very much like he did when
he went to sleep. Craving a dick in his ass. As much as he enjoyed his
experience topping Greg, he loved getting his ass filled even more.

He looks at the time: 05:00 and thinks almost out loud `I guess my body's
getting used to my new schedule.' He decides that he should get up and go
grab some coffee. He gets out of his bed and just goes straight downstairs,
not giving much thought to his Morning wood. it's not unusual in this
house. But that doesn't mean that other guys aren't taking notice, though
only a couple of the men are up.

He checks first in the Family Room to see if Greg did, indeed, sleep on the
couch. He found his buddy, Greg, entrenched in an early morning embrace
with Anton, making him realize that his impressions were likely
correct. Big sigh. But, then he did tell Anton that he wouldn't fall in
love with Private Miller, still it's fun to have a go-to fuck buddy.

He finds the big urn of coffee in the kitchen that gets prepared the night
before so that it's always ready by 0430. The coffee is pretty great. He's
even started to get used to drinking it black, the Army way. Kevin peaks
around the corner into Anton`s office to see if anyone is in there. Empty.

As he turns around to head back up to his room Private Sammy Jenson is
standing there filling his coffee cup as well. Jenson smiles, "Nice
piece. "Kevin smiles back as he sips from his coffee cup. "Does that cock
require a little attention? "Jenson asks.

The two men both notice when Private Jones cock visibly jump a bit. "it
would seem that my cock is answering for me. Want to go to my room? Follow
me." Jones Leads private Sammy Jenson back to his tiny apartment.

Once they get upstairs to Apartment 14, they enter and private Jones lays
back on his bed. "Yeah, I need this."

Jenson plants his knees next to the bed and leans over and takes Kevin`s
erection into his mouth and starts off slowly. Not too slowly. After a few
strokes, Kevin tells Jenson, "hey, you know, my balls need some attention
first. Got to get that kitchen going if we're going to serve you a meal."
Jenson grins and proceeds to lick Kevin's moderately low hanging testicles,
which bounce with each tongue thrust. "Very nice" Kevin comments. "can you
do this every morning?"

When Kevin was ready to proceed with the blowjob, he simply took his hands
and guided Sammy's head up to his large, hardening penis. "Suck on that for
a while... this cock deserves your attention." Sammy sucks a little harder
and a little faster hearing private Jones encouraging words. Tim is, after
all, a sub in search of a man to serve. Kevin couldn't be more
excited. Giving the boy his positive feedback He says" mmmm. Feels so
good."

Sammy says, "Mmmmm" back as he continues to suck. Kevin continues to hold
the back of Sammy's head down on his dick to communicate his wishes to
continue the job.

"OK, private Jenson, I'm gonna shoot some sperm in your mouth and I want
you to take it into your mouth and hold it there until I'm finished
shooting. And then I want you to kiss me." Kevin starts to shoot a nice big
morning load into Private Jenson's mouth. He instinctively begins to
swallow. "Don't swallow it. I want to share it with you." Tim stops
swallowing and comes up off of Kevin's dick while his dick is still
shooting. "Fuck!"

And then Sammy leans over and kisses private Jones, sharing a taste of
Kevin`s morning gift. "Sorry, sir, I'll make it up to you tomorrow
morning."

"Yes, you will." Says Private Jones in a small outburst of dominance. But
you need to clean this up now,

Private Jenson smiles back and says "yes sir" and licks the cum off of
Kevin's abdomen.

Kevin picks up his half cup of coffee and takes a sip. "Is there any
fucking cream a sugar around here?

The two men, not yet done with each other quite yet go down into the shower
room together, turning on the water and sort of chitchatting between them,
recognizing that they've just begun a sexual friendship, that private Jones
is very much in charge of. Kevin reaches up to softly pinch Sammys
nipple. They both smile. Jenson is ready to serve him and says so. "How
else can I serve you this morning?"

Kevin, who has not yet taken this morning piss, indicates to Sammy to get
down his knees, the coffee that he drank, the blowjob Jenson gave him, and
the running water of the shower all contribute to making Kevin realize that
he needs to piss. And when Jenson takes his place, squatting on the floor
before him, Kevin shoots very large load of piss directly into Sammy's
waiting mouth. Kevin's dick, still partially hard, penetrates Jenson's
mouth and starts to push further in, still pissing out his thick
cock. Finally, private Jones bladder is empty, and he pulls out just a
little bit, leaving the head of his cock still in Sammy's mouth. "Just suck
on it for a minute."

"That's so awesome. Good boy," Private Jones tells him. Sammy smiles
Broadly up at what appears to be his new DOM. Private Sammy Jenson loves
this.

"Are you usually awake at five?  I can't wait to do that again tomorrow."

By 0600 Private Kevin Jones was changed into his workout and running
garb. He was in a pretty good mood, having experienced a really fabulous
suck job on his large penis.  He went to find private Miller to discuss
supplements and his workout for the morning. He shared the conversation
that Anton had with him about pre-workout and post workout supplements that
would really help him. He also began to share his morning. Private Greg
Miller reminded him that he didn't need to know names. In fact, you would
prefer not to hear them. But when Kevin began describing how he dominated
one of the guys this early morning, private Miller was all ears.

"You realize that you may have taken on the responsibility of having a sub,
don't you?" Greg said a little sternly. "I mean, everybody here's looking
for a good man. A dominant man would be nice. Somebody to take orders from
would be nice. I think maybe you in-advertently may have caused one of our
guys to have a crush on you, is that possible? "

"You mean like me having a crush on pretty much every man here? That kind
of thing?" Jones responded "I would love to be dominated by most of these
guys. I want to be dominated by each one of them. I hope I can achieve
that. So if I provided a little fantasy for one of the guys, is that really
such a bad thing?"

"yes but, Kevin, you don't want to the break the spirit of one of these
guys. They're all wonderful guys, and sexy as fuck. We need to nurture
these guys" Greg instructs Kevin.

"Greg, I don't mean to be sarcastic here, but I think you might be calling
the kettle black. I've been going through this very same thing with you,
and you're kind of there for me sometimes and sometimes not... I'm not sure
that what you're doing with me is any different than what I'm doing with
Sammy. And I must admit, I've enjoyed every single thing about you, but I
do think that maybe you being a flirt with me is just like me with Sammy. I
definitely want more of Sammy, and I'd be glad to tell him so. I don't
think that obligates me to an exclusive relationship with him, do you
think, he would interpret that differently? Maybe I should tell him that,
after all, I've had lots of superior men hold my head down on their hard
dick and though I certainly wanted it again, I did not expect an exclusive
relationship... I just wanted more sex."

Greg had not realized that he was doing the same thing and he felt
badly. "God, I'm sorry, Kevin. I guess I didn't see this from your
perspective. I like you a lot and I still want to know you more.

"One more thing, Greg, I'm very happy for whatever relationship you and
Anton have. You're both wildly sexy. If there's any little piece of you,
leftover, I'll be glad to grab onto that. But I'm not here to hurt
anyone. I'm just having fun and learning about every other guy here if I
can... though I appreciate your perspective. "

In actuality, Kevin had not realized that he had come across so Alpha
like. He was doing just what all the other dominant men in his life had
done to him when he was sucking their cocks. he remembers how much he loved
the physical guidance of his head being held on Sergeant Zelsky's hard dick
when he was sucking it. He was just doing what he's learned. `Oh well, no
harm... I hope' he thought to himself.

"I guess I'm kind of busted. I don't mean to present Anton or myself as
being in a committed relationship. Though I really do Love to get my hands
all over him. We are not in a committed relationship. I mean, go ask Anton
to fuck you and he will." Greg stated.

"I know, because I did ask him to fuck me and he said he would." Grinning,
Kevin continues "but it's kind of different because I'm just trying to
stretch my ass out so that I don't get hurt taking certain big cocks in my
ass. I know that's he has a big dick because I was sucking on his dick the
other night in the shower. You watched. But I need to work up to taking
that in my ass."

"Actually, Greg, you could help me with that. When I work out in the house
gym a little later, you might help me hook up the fuck machine so that I
can work up to being able to take more." Kevin said.

"You may remember that I fucked your tight hole so I know how it needs to
be stretched. By the way," Greg leans forward and whispers, "it tastes
really good."

Kevin shot back, "you may remember that I fucked your ass also. It tasted
good too. I hope I get to taste it again sometime soon. But I don't want to
intrude on your time with Anton. If I inadvertently get in the way, tell
me. I'm a big boy. I can take it."

"Can you help me get hooked up to the fuck machine after we've finished a
work out?" Kevin asked.

Greg helped Kevin focus in on what he needs to take at nutrition bar. They
got prepped for a run and a workout and wound up back at the small gym
after almost 2 hours.

Private Miller directs private Jones "to the showers... go clean out," and
he does. He strips off his pants and shirt. He can leave the shoes on if he
wants once back in the gym.  "OK, you're gonna have to tell me which size
you wanna take" Greg talks Kevin through the process. "It should be fairly
small because you don't want to hurt yourself first time out. Let's take
this larger small dildo. It screws on to this rod. I'm gonna prep your hole
with some Lube. I'm gonna mix up some J-Lube in this little cup, Put some
of this in your ass. Put some on the dildo. Now crawl backward a few
inches. I'm guiding your butt. Now, It's sitting right at your hole. You
need to open you cheeks a little, now kind of sit back against it. It goes
in smoothly. Bounce on it a little, make sure it feels smooth inside your
ass. Okay now, You have this remote right in front of you. Take it in your
hand. This is the ON and OFF switch. This Slide here is speed, you want to
start very slow. This slide here is Depth. How far you want it to go up
your ass. Start Slow and not too deep. So let's start with just 3 minutes
so you can get a feel for it. Once you turn it on it will start slowly. Go
ahead and push the ON button."

The machine makes a noise. Kevin waits a few seconds and advances the speed
slide control. It goes slowly. He waits a minute and moves it up and it
goes faster. Kevin says, "How fast can you take?"

Greg says, "just be patient... Wait for a couple of minutes before you go
faster. Just let the machine fuck you."

Like a cat in heat, Kevin adjusts the remote, "I like it. I want it to fuck
me faster," Kevin says, sliding the speed control forward and it picks up
speed.

"Take it easy buddy. Don't hurt yourself." Greg cautions him.

After only a couple more minutes, "You know what Greg? I want to use a
bigger dildo" Kevin stops the machine and slides off the attached Rubber
Dildo." That was awesome, let's do this Medium Large one and he screws one
off and the bigger one on the fuck machine rod.

"You have to clean up the one's you use, but you can wait to wash them both
at the same time. Do you want my help with this one or are you good with
this size?" His pal Greg asks.

"I'd like to see that it's a good fit. I'll spread a little lube on this
guy." Kevin sits back on the larger dildo and starts the ride again. "I
forget, where do I put in the Quarter.?"

"There's no quarter to put in. The only thing that goes into the slot is
this big rubber cock. So... comfy?

Kevin pushes the on button and the ride starts. He loves it. But after 10
minutes he wants to go up in size. He goes up in size twice more,
eventually the machine is fucking his ass with the second from the
biggest. He settles on this one. `This one is perfect. It feels just like
Zelsky.' Kevin continues to ride it for another 30 minutes... and he loves
it.

The word gets passed between the men, many who have seen Kevin take the
second to the largest dildo and they start to make bets about his being
able to take the biggest one. Private Jones is unaware of the rumors or the
potential bets. He simply wants to be able to work his way up to Sergeant
Tyrone Brown. That is his personal goal because he knows it's coming.

After he cleans up the equipment, Kevin gets himself cleaned up, he showers
and then goes to find Private Anton. He asks Anton for Tom Lansford's
telephone extension. He doesn't have it yet.

"Okay, I want to ask which of the guys around here have large cocks. I need
to work on taking bigger dicks in my ass. I know that Sergeant Brown is
gonna want my ass. I'm not bragging, I just know it.," says Private Jones,
as though he's being stalked.

"Listen, I talked with Private Joey Reynolds, he's from Jersey so he's a
proud guy" Anton tells Kevin, "And Anthony Jackson, the black guy. They
both said that they'd love to help get you stretched out. They're both
subs, but they love to fuck. They know who you are and they will contact
you, but you can contact them too....

"Thanks, Private Reynolds and I had a session already. So, I'll focus on
finding Private Jackson. So I heard you had a ride on the fuck machine this
afternoon. How'd that work out.?" Anton Asks

Well, I liked it. I'm curious to compare the dildos with the sizes of you
and these other guys. Do you know?

"I do. I'm bigger than the last one you took. Sergeant Brown is bigger than
the big one and the other two guys are comparable to the one you took, but
you know, the real thing is way better at stretching you out than the
machine.

"Sergeant Zelsky is a little larger than the one I just took. But not as
big as the Big one I saw on the shelf. Is there one that's in between
those?

Probably, but we don't have one."


... another chapter coming soon

---

Untitled (Chapter 45)

Date: Sun, 10 Nov 2024 08:40:58 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 15

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a multi chapter story about Kink and Piss and a
sexy Army Private who is actively getting to know the men in the house.
This is a fictional story about adult gay men. If you aren't interested, or
this is illegal where you live, please find another story to read.

Please help Nifty to continue performing their great work and entertaining
us. Please join me in contributing to Nifty $25 or $50 every couple of
months. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments. I hope you
enjoy this story.


This story is "The New Army Recruit" written by
er14990606@gmail.com. That's where Kevin Jones got his Army footing.


Kevin Jones  - New Orders 15

Day 3       2050

Private Greg Miller finds Private William Anton in the Family room naked on
the couch with a small blanket and a couple of bolster pillows that Anton
has scrunched up to support his head and arms in the perfect position to
watch the TV, which is tuned to the Local Salt Lake City News Channel. Greg
decides to intrude on Anton's TV watching.

"So, I have a question: Why did you Give Private Jones to me for 3 days?"
Asks Miller.

"Because I know you. I know your taste for hot sexy men. You'd have been
sniffing around him until your nose was filled with his pheromones. You
wouldn't even have been able to help it. New meat, Yum."

"That's not really fair Private 1st Class Anton," Greg's says with a little
bitchiness in his enunciation. "I take good care of you"

"Yes you do. I know you do. Look, I couldn't be in five places at one time
the other day and I needed some help onboarding Private Jones. How would
you have felt if I had handed Jones over to somebody else for 3 days?
Especially if it was somebody who couldn't or wouldn't take care of Private
Jones or me as well as you would? How would that have felt? I don't think
you would have liked that" Anton explains.

"I'm sorry, sir... you're right of course," says Greg.

"Look , I'm a Private and you're a Private and you don't need to address me
as, `sir," says Anton.

"I'm not saying Sir to you in a military sense. I'm saying Sir to you
because I want you to be my Dom in many ways and I think of myself as your
undeserving sub. Don't get me wrong, I would love being your sub. Please
forgive me for questioning you" Private Miller, pleads.

"Of course, Sub boy. Come here" Anton, still leaning against a pillow
reaches out and puts his arm around Miller and squeezes and kisses him,
full open, slobbering kiss... but you know what? I still want that blow job
even though I gave it away... I need it."  "Got you Chief." Private Miller
reaches down and pulls Anton's big dick out from under the lap throw
blanket he's been cuddling under, instantly following Anton's instruction
as obediently as possible.

Two seconds later Private Jones walks toward the fridge in the kitchen to
find something to drink. He sees a Full Boned Anton getting sucked on by
his buddy. "I guess my invitation got lost in the mail."

"Come here, bud... you can join us. Do you like cum as much as you like
piss? Because that's what we're serving at this party," Anton says while
Greg is sucking on his dick.

Kevin, joins the other two naked men. Jones takes over the shaft and Miller
takes over serving the man's balls. Anton is happy with 2 subs servicing
him After a few minutes, Kevin reaches up and circles Anton's large
nipples, proceeding to lick up and down everything above the waist. Greg is
working his meaty dick head. So, Kevin starts to work Anton's balls. As
Kevin licks up and down from his taint up to his rod, up and back with an
occasional and brief excursion to Anton's hole, Anton grabs Kevin`s head
and forces his tongue into serving his butt hole. After maybe 2 minutes of
this, along with Greg working his shaft, Anton starts shooting all over the
faces of tonight's sexual partners. He loves it. They both love his
cum. "Clean this mess up". And of course, they do. Kevin licking on Greg's
face and Greg cleaning Kevin's shaft and stomach.

"hey Greg, I'll be up in my room in a bit if you want to keep me company,"
Kevin says completely unaware that he just intruded in the love-making
ritual of 2 hot soldier in love, or at least lust.

"Maybe but I might stay right here. I don't know yet." Greg replies.

Hearing Moans from most of the rooms this evening. The guys paired off in
groups of twos and threes. Queen beds aren't hospitable to more than three
large men. But this evening they're getting to do what they do best: eating
ass, kissing, licking balls and stretching their holes. A few of these guys
have an extra rubber sheet to spread out on their bed for those times when
they want to get a little greasy, and take a hand or an arm up their
butts. There's a certain point with many super sexual men when a big dick
just isn't big enough. They graduate on to fists. They know what they're
doing, they don't put each other in jeopardy. And the other Major good
thing about this is that they can take a really big dick when they need
to. Some of the clients of these men request specific men who are capable
of taking an entire arm up their butts. Butt holes need to be worked once
in a while. They tend to return back down to their original size when they
haven't gotten worked in a long while. That's why these boys who are into
really large dicks sort of gang together and take care of each other. It
really helps cut down on injuries.

Private Kevin Jones has never taken a hand, nor has he given one. But he
knows in the back of his mind that there's a certain point when he's going
to need to do some serious stretching. Probably sooner than later.

Kevin gets up and walks around looking in the rooms to see who's doing
what, he's not afraid to check things out because he's no longer a stranger
to these men, this particular evening, because he feels a connection to the
guys that pissed on him earlier. As he walks up and down the rooms and he
sees a couple of guys who have a rubber sheet laid out on the bed, he
sticks his head in and says " mind if I watch for a bit?  Those boys say,
"come on in" after all, they're not allowed to say no.

"Have you ever fisted?" "No". "Want to try it?"

Kevin says "I'm a novice at everything. Show me what to do" "okay,
watch... first I take my arm and dip it into this lube called boy butter
and I spread it up and down my hands all the way to my elbow, and then I
gently squeeze my fingers together so that they're like an arrow and then I
work them slowly, ever so slowly, into my partners hole... I need to keep
watching his face while this is happening so that I can see if he
grimaces. The key is to give pleasure with my hand. Not to give pain and
then we work at In-N-Out mostly by hand, feeling gently inside. Wanna try".

" I guess. What do I do first"

"wash your hands," the fisting bottom, Arlo Thompson, said,
chuckling. "Makes sense" and with that Kevin walks over to the small sink
and cleans off his arm and comes back to the bed. "Beautiful arms,
man... your forearms are really nice and thick so go slow."

" ...slather your arm with this goo and make sure that all your fingernails
etc. are covered. I just hold your fingers like this and start to feel
around his butt hole gently and let your fingers go inside.... Wow,
beautiful. How does that feel, Arlo?" So awesome" " do you remember our
names?" asks Private Sebastian Carter.

"Of course I remember your names. You were pissing in my mouth when we
met. It sort of seared your name into my memory. You're Sebastian and he's
Arlo." but nice to meet you again. Arlo says "yeah, I'm guessing that I'm
gonna remember your name too cause you're arms almost entirely in my
ass. By the way, loving it. How do you like it"

" well it's only my first time but I do find it kinda sexy. Can you guys
help me stretch out my ass at some point in the next week or two? I'm not
ready to do it tonight," Kevin tells them. "By the way, I loved your
piss. It tasted really good."

" you remember what our piss tasted like?" "Sure, you each gave me a full
load. It was awesome. Not everyone's piss is so delicious, A boy has to
remember those kind of details." Kevin explains "hey, I'm gonna keep
exploring, thanks for letting me do that guys. I appreciate your teaching
me," he washes up before leaving.

Arlo: "Thanks Kevin. Felt great!"

Private Jones heads for the kitchen to get something to drink, but decides
to go take a shower first cause he thinks the smell of his arm might put
off Greg in bed if he sleeps over. So Kevin gets in the shower as he do a
couple of guys, who sort of followed him out to the kitchen also to get
something to drink. First one, Ty, says, "Hey there. Had fun at your party
last night. Do you want something to drink?" Kevin did a double take to see
what they were offering and was pleased when he realized they both needed
to piss. He quickly got down on his knees. And they quickly put their still
mostly hard cocks in his mouth. "Drink it. Don't waste it. This is the
primo shit, man". Kevin nodded agreement. "We've been sharing piss back and
forth all evening. Tastes really good. When you're finished drinking, suck
my dick for a minute. I'm really horny, we haven't cum all night..." Paul
couldn't wait any longer either so he stood there while Kevin was drinking
and continued to jack off on Kevin's face. And after Paul came, he pissed
on Ty's dick while Kevin was still sucking on it. So demeaning. They all
loved it.

Kevin grunted a couple of times in excitement, his mouth was so full. And
when they were all finished, Kevin puts his arms around his new pals and
kiss them both on the lips continuing to taste the piss they were sharing,
each one for at least a minute. "So great to know you, I will be keeping an
eye out for you.

Time to get that shower now... even more necessary now before getting back
in bed with Greg. Kevin gets back to Greg's room only to find that he's not
there. Kevin found Greg passed out in Anton's arms on the couch. The TV was
still going. `Oh well' he thought. They would meet up in the morning. Kevin
went up to his own apartment and slept in his own bed.

He contemplated that it was really okay to be sleeping alone tonight. But
he realized that he was craving taking a big dick in his ass.


... a new chapter coming soon

---

Untitled (Chapter 46)

Date: Tue, 5 Nov 2024 10:37:51 -0700
From: PalmerKunkel
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 14

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a multi chapter story about Kink and Piss and a
sexy Army Private who is actively getting to know the men in the house.
This is a fictional story about adult gay men. If you aren't interested, or
this is illegal where you live, please find another story to read.

Please help Nifty to continue performing their great work and entertaining
us. Please join me in contributing to Nifty $25 or $50 every couple of
months. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments. I hope you
enjoy this story.

The Precursor to this story is "The New Army Recruit" written by
er14990606@gmail.com. That's where Kevin Jones got his Army footing. Go
back and read that story. I think it's very hot.


Kevin Jones - New Orders - 14


Day 3   -   0500


Private Jones wakes up alone. It's 0500. He jumps up and dresses in his
morning workout clothes. He makes his bed and he does a couple of
stretching exercises. And then he runs down to the kitchen for a cup `o
Joe.  He sticks his head around the corner and peeks into Anton's office.

A low voice says, "Good Morning, Private. Got a question?"

"Good morning. Yes I do. I'd like to connect with Tom Lansford to meet with
him about some office stuff. Training stuff. Do you have a phone I can use
to make that appointment?"

"Oh fuck, I ordered you a mobile phone. I wondered where it is. But, yes
you can call Tom. I would suggest waiting till after 0 800 Thanks. What
else?"

"Did I do good on my test?"

"What test? Anton is bewildered.

"My sexual prowess test." Jones says.

"What the fuck are you talking about?" Anton asks.

"You wanted me to fuck Miller so that he could report back how good I was."
Jones stated. "So what'd he say? Did I pass?"

"You don't get graded on that. I just want to know how dynamic you are so
that I can know how to assign you when it comes time. You know, what are
your talents?"

"Oh. I thought it was more than that. Kevin says a little deflated. "Did he
say I was good?

"He said that you seemed like an old pro doing your thing," Anton
answered. Curiously observing Kevin's face as a huge smile came across
it. "What's so funny?"

"Greg said that I was like an old pro. But the fact of the matter is it was
the very first time I ever fucked a man," Kevin continued smiling broadly

"Are you being serious? Asks a dumbfounded Anton.

"Yes. You know, I'm always a bottom. I get fucked and I give head. I don't
want to make a big thing out of it but I'm kind of excited that I did
pretty good.

Anton is stunned. "Tell me something stud. How old are you?

"I'll be 19 next week."

"Okay, well, uhhh, I certainly thought you were older than that... Shall we
do something for your birthday?" Asks Private Anton.

"I've actually given this some thought ... Can I have an orgy fuck party
here and invite all the guys, I mean, these are the only guys I know here,
right? And I want to invite Tom Lansford too if you are okay with that?

"Sure. I'll get the party favors". He says sarcastically. "What day is your
Birthday?"

"It's on the 23rd."

"Okay, I'll ask Tom if that's a good day in terms of personnel
schedules. I'll get back to you this afternoon." Anton tells him. "Let me
know when you want to call over to Tom. This phone over here you just dial
his extension... I'll find his extension. He usually calls me."

" Jones, I was looking over your paperwork. How is the workout program
going?" Anton queries.

"I love it.  it's kind of more of the same kind of thing I was doing before
except a little more weight and more sets. It's certainly kicking my
butt. Next week I go to four sets.. I think it's gonna kick my ass. But I
really want it. I've been wanting to put some muscle on for a while. "

Anton: "I'm gonna assign new trainers every week until we find the right
one for you. You'll have to tell me what you think of your trainers."

"I also want to focus on tailoring your nutritional supplements. So let's
sit down with Greg and review that. He's pretty good at assessing that
stuff." Anton says. "One more thing... I got permission to take you to that
Dory Alley thing in San Francisco. Have you given that any thought?" Anton
questions "I mean about being prepared for all the shit that we might see
and do?"

"I think that I'm kind of excited about it. I think that I'm going to enjoy
wearing some leather shorts. I could use your advice on what else to
wear. I imagine that we're gonna stay in the same room and that you're
gonna fuck me. At least I hope so. I think I probably need to spend some
time in the gym on the fuck machine before we go... I wanna be ready. Are
we gonna have sex with other guys or just you and me? I mean, is this for
research or for training? I'm good either way."

"Both. And I hope we have a whole bunch of fun. It's going to be pretty
wild." Anton speculates.

"I'm sure glad that I'm living here for a couple weeks before we go
there. It sounds like my mind is going to get blown." Jones says thinking
out loud.

"I'm pretty sure that more than your mind is going to get blown." Anton
says smiling. Jones smiles back, "By the way Sergeant Brown said he might
be at this Dore Alley thing too, so you definitely need to get stretched
out a bit, just in case."

"What day do we have to leave?" Ask Kevin.

"It's only a couple of days after your birthday. "Anton asks, "you wanna
join me for a protein drink? I should probably introduce you to this
Pre-workout stuff.

"Cool, whatever helps." Says Private Jones.

"And, by the way, I want you over here after your workout. I need to have a
group meeting with all the guys about 11am in the Family Room."

__________________

Greg's voice over the Intercom at the house: "Private Anton's 11:00 meeting
in 5 minutes in the Family Room"

The guys, mostly still dressed in their Morning Work Out Shorts, Sleeveless
running shirts and running sneakers, Most of them bring a bottle of water
into the meeting, some sit. Some have to bring chairs from the Dining
Room. This is not a group that typically has meetings.

Anton Counts the group, only 2 are not in attendance. He gets up to
speak. He isn't shy.

During his opening remarks, First Sergeant Tyrone Brown, steps into the
room to listen to Private Anton's remarks.

"Gentlemen. Announcement first: Private Kevin Jones's Birthday is on the
23rd and We're going to celebrate by having a sex party here. An Orgy. I
guess Kevin must have really enjoyed meeting you all the other night",
Anton Smiles.

"But that's not what this meeting is about. I want you to share stories,
not names, about your clients. I want you tell us what they request and
share what you think makes them tick. And I want you to share if there are
health concerns for them or for you. We're going to go around the room, But
I'll start. "My name is William and I'm a sex addict," The group breaks out
in laughter. "Just kidding, But it's a little true. I do love sex, you all
know that, I often say that I love managing the candy store."

"We have a certain kind of client who has certain kinds of needs. That's
what we need to understand. Our clients sometimes change out, sometimes
that's a good thing, sometimes it's not so good. There is no judgement
about that here today. This is about the exchange of ideas and
experiences." Anton starts off.

"While I kind of manage this place, I'm also ambassador to 4 different
men. All of them in the Army except one. They are all over 50. One is
almost 72. They are a handful, but I love them. They love to be met at the
airport and to have me carry their bags and drive them to their
destination. One of them wants to sit in the backseat, most of them want to
sit in the front seat and put his hand on my leg or on my package and
sometimes squeeze. Every single thing, including the tone in their voice
telegraphs me as to what is likely needed. I pay attention to that. Two of
these men have been married, one still is. The other two are definitely
attracted only to men. I love to be the focus of these significant
daddies," Anton enunciates slowly. "They love the attention and they love
to be served and I'm only too happy to offer that."

I love to get naked when they want that. I'm really happy to suck their
cocks, even when they can't get hard. They need to be honored. These
daddies love to kiss and be served. I want these men to feel vital when
they come to visit me. I know that they have a different reasons for coming
out, but I like to think they're coming to see me. I want to make them feel
important.

"The element that I believe connects me with them, or maybe any of us, is
that these particular guys fell in love with their buddy or buddies during
a time when they couldn't be at home. Perhaps in a trench or just in the
barracks, they were comforted by their buddy. They jacked off together,
they sucked each others dicks, they even kissed. And then, suddenly,
something brought their stint to an end and these men were forced to return
to their wives and girlfriends and these men felt like they had abandoned
their buddy and that they had been abandoned. Suddenly they were unable to
communicate with their pals and were left speechless. They needed their
Army partner. They missed the moral support of their partner. They missed
the touch and the sex and the embrace of these men they loved and were
likely to never see again."

"I like to think that's where I come in. And when I'm their host, I'm
looking for signals that this is the moment that these older gentlemen need
something to make them feel vital. To allow them to be sexual or many times
even a bit kinky. In many cases they love to be dominant. Some of these men
could only to the act with one guy because that was the guy that made them
feel so good. I find that I need to figure out what that thing is, what is
their key, what did this man do with his buddy that he misses again. And if
I can achieve that communication with them then anything is possible for
them."

"Most of the time it's something oral or anal. Sometimes it's just Holding
the man while he's sleeping, or helping him fall asleep with a back rub,
that could easily go further in time. I'm finding that of my 4 clients, 2
are more dominant and 2 are more subservient. The subservient ones
typically just want to suck your dick. Sometimes they want to get
penetrated, but can usually be satisfied with rubbing their butts.  The
more dominant daddies want to dominate you, which should come naturally to
all of us since we're all subs at some level."

"Are you relating to what I'm saying?"  The men all agree and start to tell
individual stories.

"I'm finding the same is true for the younger clients as well. The military
drives the Mottos and songs pretty hard. Getting ready for combat can be
just as extreme if the men are feeling totally isolated. These guys want a
taste of what feels like home to them even when they are so separated from
home. So they reach out to their buddy in the next bunk just dying to
J.O. with him. And sometimes these guys are very anti Homo and it can drive
some of them into a deeper isolation," says Private Noah Peltski.

"And how many clients to you handle? I have 12, but it's mostly driving and
airport trips. Grocery shopping. They like to have some tequila when
they're in residence," Peltski says with a smile. "... which gives them a
little boost."

"I am ambassador to 15 clients. All age ranges. One time an older client
was having a birthday and asked if I knew any other gentlemen that might
like to join him for dinner. I got 2 of my other, but younger clients, to
join him for dinner since they didn't have other plans. They got along
great and were having a little orgy between themselves when I returned from
the bakery to pick up the Birthday cake. These guys were all horny and
missed their bunk mate. They invited me to join in. I did. I loved it."
Stated Private Paul Porter.

Anton interjects, "Some of you might not understand that clients are
assigned by needs and some by length of stay. If, for instance if a client
mostly comes in for 1 or 2 days and they mostly need a ride from the
airport, that ambassador can be given assignments more often. The most
handholding or time in town, the fewer the number of clients. We do analyze
each visit. Who else? Do we have any kinky sexual needs?

"Private Anthony Jackson (raises his hand} I do. I've got a couple of
really kinky men who really like my big black cock. They always want to
suck on it and my balls. They love it when I can cum in their mouth and
they love my piss. I kinda dig that they like it so much, One 68 year old
guy likes me to sit on his face. But I also have a client who really likes
to get rough, which I have to say I enjoy. But I never get rough with a
client."

The conversation has a lull. Some of the men are considering whether or not
to share some of their kinkier experiences.

Private Anton asks, "anybody else have any issues?"

"I do, says Private Lucas Smith says, "I have a really hot stud daddy, 62
years old, Muscular, big chest and arms, I've traveled with this guy a few
times and he always wants me to accompany him to leather bars and then a
few times to BDSM Clubs.  I mean, if you're into the leather scene, this is
a Daddy who you'd want to meet. He always wants me to sleep with him, wants
to play rough with me when we're dressed up in leather, which is easy
because we're the same size, and especially when he's got me strung up. I
mean, I love it, but sometimes it feels like it could go too far. It never
has so far, but sometimes, you know...."

Anton Interrupts: "Is this similar to anybody else's experience?"  "YES",
(several guys say.) "Yes"

"So then, does anyone feel threatened or in danger?" Anton asks.

The individuals say that it's NOT a problem. These ambassador's kind of dig
a little rough play. They tell Anton that they're totally in control, they
"...like to be treated like subs to these masculine older guys."

"You know, Anton I kind of like wearing my leathers occasionally and going
into a dark leather bar and searching out guys just like our clients in
many cases. I kind of like to submit to guys like this. I'm certainly more
than capable of taking care of myself. I am a soldier first and foremost,"
adds Private Smith. "I guess that I kind of like a bit of confrontation."

Anton, again, "is this how everybody feels? Show of hands." Anton stops
counting when like all the men agree that they like handling a bit of
confrontation.  "One more question: Are we making our daddies feel special?
Are they making us feel special.?"

Consensus is that it works both ways. "It's all about the Connection.
That's what makes these guys feel special." Private Paul Porter interjects.

Anton says, "Gentlemen, this unit was conceived and built by our First
Sergeant, Tyrone Brown, who is standing in the back. Sergeant, would you
like to add anything?"

"Yes, We built this operation to help these guys travel a bit easier, to
relate to them, to be good hosts to them. But we also did it because these
guys are key to the chain of decision makers that affect Army policy. We
need to support these men, keep a strong connection with them, but also,
occasionally we need to help to show them how to support the Army. This
unit is considered an important part of our Intelligence operation. It's
important to all of us that you maintain this connection. You were all
chosen for this. It is hopefully also rewarding and fun for you. It sounds
like it is."

Anton asks, "Any other comments?"

"I do, Private Kevin Jones stands up. "I learned so much this morning,
listening to all of you about your experiences and what our mission is.
I've never had a client yet, but I sure do appreciate your sharing all of
this. It makes me feel proud to be a member of this unit." The guys all
clap and voice their approval.

Anton: "Good meeting, Genlemen. Meeting is adjourned."

New chapter coming soon...

---

Untitled (Chapter 47)

Date: Thu, 31 Oct 2024 07:00:52 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 13

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a multi chapter story about Kink and Piss and a
sexy Army Private who is actively getting to know the men in the house.
This is a fictional story about adult gay men. If you aren't interested, or
this is illegal where you live, please find another story to read.

Please help Nifty to continue performing their great work and entertaining
us. Please join me in contributing to Nifty $25 or $50 every couple of
months. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments. I hope you
enjoy this story.

The Precursor to this story is "The New Army Recruit" written by
er14990606@gmail.com. That's where Kevin Jones got his Army footing. Go
back and read that story. I think it's very hot.



Kevin Jones - NEW Orders 13

Day 2       1800


Private Jones grabbed a couple of beers, one for Private Greg Miller and
one for himself, to take up to Greg's small Apartment. He was looking
forward to the Sex that was planned for them.

Not a lot of foreplay was necessary. They'd been naked and sexually charged
all evening. They are ready to rumble. Kevin offers Miller the beer and he
pops it open and takes a sip. "Still warm." And he puts it down on the
dresser with a napkin under it.

Kevin grabs private Miller's hands as they get in bed and pushes his arms
over his head, holding them in place. Miller doesn't try to wiggle out of
that. He's enjoying being controlled by private Jones. Kevin quickly gets
face-to-face with Miller and starts to kiss him up and down his neck all
over his mouth and eyes and chin and ears and slides his way into an armpit
and works on it for a long while. It's kind of a post workout armpit
smell. Kevin loves that and says so. "you taste so fucking good. Are you up
for a good for Long fuck or shall I expect you to fall asleep and 30
minutes?" Greg smiles at him and says sweetly, you just take as long as
you'd like. I'm not going anywhere..."

Since Kevin knew that he was Topping tonight, he was really looking forward
to his first experience of fucking a man. He didn't tell private Miller
that he was his training ground. He's never mentioned that he hadn't ever
fucked a man, and nobody had ever asked him. He thought now is probably not
the time to talk about it. But it's certainly something he's wanted for a
long while. Private Greg Miller wasn't just any man, He's a muscle stud,
Blond, Blue eyed Army man. Kevin ran his hands up and down his body. Greg's
dick even gave a little jump when his hands dragged down the sides of his
balls, without touching the shaft. Kevin's fingers were on a mission to the
South.

Kevin was quite taken with Greg's butt hole. His legs were spread and he
had Greg holding his legs open for this late night snack. "Can I just live
here in your ass for a while?" it reminds me of home cooking." Kevin licked
and licked, tasting Greg's taint for a couple of minutes before he went up
and licked the skin on his legs right under his balls. That lasted for a
long while. Seemed like half an hour, but it was probably only six or seven
minutes. Still, they were both lost in Kevin`s oral fixation with Greg`s
large balls. The longer Kevin licked them the more Greg wanted. Kevin
abandoned these beautiful testicles as his tongue dipped down to his butt
hole. It was warm, it was moist, possibly from all the piss at the party
earlier, it was tasty... Not the least unpleasant. Kevin kept thinking
about why he's wasted so much of his youth, not engaged with men of like
minds.  Kevin was feeling a tremendous kinship to his new buddy. And why
not, this is what sex is all about: the Connection.

But also, Kevin was mindful of the fact that Greg would give Anton a report
on the quality of his sexual prowess. He wanted to impress Anton, but at
this moment he was focused on impressing Miller. He continued to lick up
and down the inside of Miller's balls and thigh, right next to where his
beautiful hole sits languishing and winking at him. It made Kevin smile. He
loved having an entirely separate relationship with just Miller's butt
hole. But he thought that this is where he needs to really pick up the
pace. He jacked his dick a little bit to bring his semi hard dick up to a
fuller, harder status. He climbs up on Greg`s face and kisses him for a
moment and then fucks his mouth in order to make his dick super hard. And
once it was, Kevin slithered back down Greg's body, leaning over just
enough to spit and drool on his own cock, and then wiping it on the hole to
lube it up with his own juices. He got the juices to just the right
point. Greg's hole was ready.

Kevin knew that Greg was highly experienced in sex and that he didn't need
to be terribly gentle when he stuck his manhood in Greg's ass. He kind of
wanted to give it a little surprise. And while it was a surprise, it wasn't
very little. Greg gasped at the big long thrust that private Jones had just
given him. Actually, he didn't even go in all the way. Kevin's 7 1/2 inch
dick only went in about halfway on that first thrust. It didn't seem like
only 4 inches because it's also pretty thick. So when Kevin quickly thrust
in the rest of the way it truly took Greg's breath away. A large dramatic
inhale, but that didn't stop Kevin Jones. He started off and just steadily
kept going for two or three minutes, pulled out entirely and dropped back
down to eat his ass for another three or four minutes, "Greg, your cunt
tastes so good." Back into Greg's hole to continue to fuck for another
several minutes, a pace inspired by years of watching Raging Stallion
porn. Kevin imagined himself as one of the Raging Stallion stars and he
pushed his way through that sphincter and onto to Greg's prostate. He was
so excited. Until he realized that he forgot to ask Greg if he was ready to
take his load. So, just as Greg asked, Kevin shot. "I just dropped my first
load in your ass. Kevin was proud and he was smiling down at Greg.

After a few more thrusts into Private Miller's dark hole, he realized that
he had to piss pretty urgently. He drank all that piss earlier at the party
and now had a very full bladder. "Greg said I'll take it if we can go stand
in the shower." Awesome." It was a very long 8 ft away to the small shower
in Greg's room. But they made it without any accidents. As soon as they
stepped into the small shower Private Jones bladder just couldn't handle
any more. Greg got a very full bladder full of used piss. Greg thought it
was hot but Kevin was in heaven. He loved the fuck but he loved the piss
play. This was Private Jone's first ever fuck where he was topping a
man. So, obviously it was also the first time he ever pissed in a man's
ass.

They kissed for a moment, very sweetly. But Kevin realized that the most
fun part of the evening was the introduction ceremony earlier in the
evening. Perhaps because it was so kinky. But he instinctively knew that he
loved it.

Greg decided to take a quick shower since he was already wet and standing
in the shower, he needed to go find Anton and give him his report. "I'll be
back in a bit."

Private Miller looked around the house, finally finding Private Anton
sprawled out on the Sofa watching TV. Everyone was gone from the public
rooms, probably in bed. "Private Miller reporting as instructed."

"Oh hey Greg. How was your evening?

"Are you asking in general or because you want to receive my report on
Kevin?

"Actually both, How did you like our little Introduction party?"

Greg replied,"I thought it was fun. I know Kevin loved it."

 "Yeah he certainly did. You know the party kept going entirely because of
Kevin's enthusiasm. I'm pretty sure he could have gone through a lot more
beer. So, what about Kevin?" Anton asked.

I really enjoyed it. It seemed like he is an old pro doing his thing. There
was no part of it that I didn't love. Can I ask you a question, Michael?
Why do you want me/us to report on the details of our sex.?" Greg pouted a
little.

"that's pretty simple: I want to know the details because I have to assign
our men to clients they can handle and doing things they want. I need to
know their talents. I don't want to put Kevin or any of our guys in a
position of having difficulties with our old gentlemen. You know that I
have a lot of sex with these guys at the house. That gets old for everybody
so it's important for me to hear your perspective on Kevin or any of the
other guys that you want to fuck. That's part of the reason that we're so
easy-going about it. Plus, I'm gonna guess that you learn what you like and
new things to do every time you have a different sexual
experience. Everybody brings something different to the table... Or should
I say bed.. or couch?"

"Oh, yeah, that makes sense. I certainly don't wanna see anything bad
happened to any of these guys. Have we ever had complaints?" Greg asks.

Oh yeah, but we just assigned somebody new next time around. Usually, the
client forgets what they want or forgets what they've asked... Or what they
drink. We have to take care of these mature daddy guys. Some of them are
old and some of them are younger. All of them are important to us in some
way. Any other questions? " " yeah, I do we have something going on with
leather?" "That's an odd question. Why are you asking?, Anton Queried. "OK,
yeah, I heard Kevin order some leather shorts and a harness and I was
wondering if that's something that we're all gonna need." "I doubt that you
will need it, but if you do, I'll give you plenty of notice, how's that?"
Anton answers. "Now go back to bed and take care of your boyfriend."

"We're not allowed to have boy friends," Private Miller responds.

"True, but I gave Private Kevin Jones to you for 3 days and you've still
have 12 hours left to enjoy it." Anton replies

Private Jones, waiting for awhile was alert and excited after his first
ever fuck experience as a top. He needed to move around. He went to the
kitchen to find something to drink. Private Owen West was there to grab a
late-night coke too. "Hi Private Jones," Owen said as he stuck out his hand
to shake Kevin's. "I loved your Introduction party this evening. You
clearly fit right into our unit. You're just as much of a pig as the rest
of us," Owen said smiling. And as Kevin responded with a handshake, Owen
quickly feeling the vibe put his arms around Kevin, embracing him and
pulling him into a full on kiss. "Mmm., very nice. You're making me chub
up."

Kevin replies, "yeah, me too. You're an awesome kisser. Can we practice
that for a few minutes?" Kevin smiles.

"We can. But I hope we can do more than just kiss. I'd love to suck your
cock. It's really nice," says Owen.

"I'd love that but let's duck into the shower for a minute. I just had my
dick in somebody's ass," to which Owen lit up and grabbed Kevins semi and
stroked it a few times.

They stepped into the shower together. Owen says, "I loved the little suck
you gave me when we were all meeting you earlier, it kind of felt like an
invitation. It was so great starting off the party by emptying my bladder
down the guest of honor's throat. I LOVE piss. Hey look, If you just had a
fuck, do you need to take a break?

Kevin smiling, "I may not be up for a full on fuck, but I'd love to take
you up on the blow job you offered. As you can see, my dick likes the idea
too. But, you like Piss, you say? I'd love to piss in your mouth. I've
Never done that." Owen's jaw dropped in surprise.

"Really? Fuck yeah. How about I drink as much piss as you want and then
I'll suck you off? Offers Owen.  Kevin finishes washing his crotch and
dry's off and gives his cock a couple of yanks to show that he's ready for
Owen's mouth.

Private West gets on his knees in the shower and says, "I will be your sub
whenever you like. Give me your piss." Kevin is a bit surprised to find out
that he has any piss left, and he goes for almost a minute. Owen loves the
taste and thanks his new piss buddy and takes a moment to lick off every
drop off Kevin's dick. "That is so tasty."

Owen decides to change course a little. "Hey, let's go over to the the
bed. You sit on the edge and I'll get on my knees. I want to take some time
on your beautiful cock." Owen takes Privates Jones dick into him mouth,
controlling the head with his tongue. Just a little bit at a time to get
the semi hard cock up to full staff so that he can slide the whole thing
down his throat like an Anaconda swallowing an eel.

"Oh God. That feels so good. I can't believe that feels so great." Less
than three minutes later, Private Jones is shooting 4 or 5 magnificent
ropes of cum down Owen's throat. Breathing hard, catching his breath. "That
was so fucking good." Kevin grabs Owen by the face and goes in for the
full, tongue-in French Kiss. "Awesome."

The men both stand up in unison, Stare at each other for a moment and
embrace again. "I loved serving you that way. In fact, I'm still a little
thirsty. Got any piss left?"

Kevin thinks about it for a second and says, "yeah, I think I do." So
Private Owen West goes back down on his knees and swallows another few
shots of piss out of his bladder into West's mouth.

And when he's done West stands back up and declares, "I loved t. I loved
every second of that. I'll sub for you anytime. Let me know when you
want. But I gotta go to bed right now.

Owen climbs the stairs to his apartment, Kevin steps back into the shower
to rinse off and looks up and sees Private Greg Miller quietly leaning up
against the wall, having seen everything for the last 5 minutes. Kevin's
stomach drops a little.


New Chapter coming very soon....

---

Untitled (Chapter 48)

Date: Sat, 26 Oct 2024 15:24:34 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 12

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a multi chapter story about Kink and Piss and a
sexy Army Private who is actively getting to know the men in the house.
This is a fictional story about adult gay men. If you aren't interested, or
this is illegal where you live, please find another story to read.

Please help Nifty to continue performing their great work and entertaining
us. Please join me in contributing to Nifty $25 or $50 every couple of
months. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments. I hope you
enjoy this story.

The Precursor to this story is "The New Army Recruit" written by
er14990606@gmail.com. That's where Kevin Jones got his Army footing. Go
back and read that story. I think it's very hot.


New Orders 11

Day 2    -   1500

Private Jones finds Private Joey Reynolds in his room. "Private Reynolds,
You have a few minutes?

"Yes I do," Says Reynolds. "Call me Joey"

"Sure, if you call me Kevin. Hey, you wanna help me with my project for a
while?"

"you want me to open you up a bit?" Kevin smiles and nods.

"Yeah, but I'd like to ask Tim to join us" Joey tells Kevin. "He loves to
eat ass... and I'd like to watch that for a bit and yank my dick to get
hard..." Joey stands up and goes next door. "Tim I need your help with a
project. Get naked and come over."

Tim walks into Joeys apartment, "Hey Tim, I want you to get down and eat
Kevin's ass and open him up a bit while I watch and then I'm gonna fuck him
to stretch his hole out a for a bit. But I want you to stick around while
I'm fuckin' him. You guys can kiss or he can eat you out while I'm fuckin',
Okay? Okay. Now, Kevin, get on your back and hold your legs open. There ya
go... Tim, your meal is served." Says Joey."

Both Tim and Kevin are sniggering but they both comply. Kevin says, "I
really appreciate your doing this for me. Is it gonna hurt?

Tim replies, "Joeys got a big unit, but he's pretty gentle. I think you're
gonna love this. I know I am. You've got such a pretty hole." Tim leans
down and sniffs his butthole. Licks it, and then spits on it. He rubs the
hole with his thumbs, pulling the hole open and then dives in with his
tongue. "OH GOD. I live for this. This hole is so delicious." Joey watches
this from about 12 inches away, jackin' and squeezing his own dick slowly
and deliberately, getting harder and more engorged. After several minutes
of watching his own personal porn movie up close like this, Joey's dick is
hard enough to fuck Kevin.

Tim spits on Joey's cock and sucks on it for about half a minute. Tim's
saliva, now applied and Joey can proceed.

"Private Jones, I've got a big, fat cock I'm putting in your butt now. I
want you to push slightly and open your hole up for me. I'm going in
slowly, but I'm gonna fuck you hard once I'm in there. It's what you need,
baby. You're gonna take this big dick and you're gonna give me a lap dance
on it, Okay baby? You're gonna love my big fat cock crawling up your sexy
chute. I'm making some progress now, keep pushing your butt out. That's it
baby. Your hole knows how to do this, you been fucked like this before,
with a big fat dick. I'm in a bit now and I'm going to start thrusting in
and out just a little bit so your hole can get used to this big dick,
baby. Feels good now, doesn't it ? You feel my dick in your hole? Do you
love it fucking your hole baby? I want you to start riding me a little
bit. Bounce on my dick baby... My big cock is knocking at your door baby,
you gotta let me in. That's it. Open the door baby, push back, that's
it. That's it. I'm almost all the way in now baby. What a great fuckin ass
you got baby, keep pushing.. Okay, now, just take a big breath and relax
your ass. Get used to it being in there for a minute...  and then we'll
fuck."

"I'm fine, go for it" Kevin says calmly. "It feels good. Fuck me,
Joey. Give me your big dick." Kevin loves it.

They fuck for about 25 minutes before Joey announces that he's going to cum
soon. "Can I breed you, Private?

"Go for it", says Kevin. And Joey does. He pulls his big dick out and jacks
on on Kevin's balls and stomach and stuffs his dick back into Kevin's hole
and shoots a second round of cum in Kevin's now larger hole. Kevin shoots a
large load as well, inspired by Joey's explosive orgasm.

"Tim, get in there and clean that shit up. Kevin, just take it easy for a
few minutes while Tim cleans you up." First Tim sucks off Joey's dick for a
minute, licking off the filth and then he goes to work licking up the cum
that both Kevin and Joey shot all over Kevin's abdomen, his chest, even
some hitting his face. Kevin thinks he's cleaned up, but Joey pushes him
back down on the bed and says "Tim's got some more work. Don't rush. Joey
holds Kevin's legs open while Tim goes for Kevin's butt crack, and licks
all that and his wet balls, up and then dives into Kevin's hole and eats it
out extensively, felching every drop..."okay, now your clean." All 3 men
have huge smiles of accomplishment.

"do you think my hole's any bigger?" Kevin jests a bit.

"I think you'll be a lot bigger if I fuck you every day for the next 9
weeks," Joey said."It's what you need.

Even though Private Jones was pronounced clean, he headed back to the
showers down stairs to wash thoroughly, including a good cleanout. And then
he heads to the kitchen to grab a snack.

Anton arrives at the house about 15:40 With three cases of Ultra light beer
and put them down in the kitchen, off the dining room. " hey chief, these
beers are room temp, do you want me to put them on ice for the party?" Asks
Miller

"Nope. We need warm beer so that doesn't upset anybody's stomach.  You
gotta remember that we're just making piss here. If we drink warm beer
we'll get what we're after much faster. This isn't about refreshing
ourselves on a hot afternoon. This is about celebrating and welcoming our
newest member... I think if we all start with one beer to welcome him, we
can go back and drink more to keep the party going. I'm hoping everybody
gets into the spirit of our little ritual. I'm pretty sure private Jones
will be thrilled, Anton tells Greg.

"I can tell you that he absolutely will be. He's a very thirsty boy," adds
Greg

Just then, private Jones comes walking into the kitchen, semi drying his
face with a towel. Hair still a bit wet, "hey guys., Can I steal a beer? I
kind of want to get loosened up a bit...get in the mood for the group."

"Sure, you can" says Anton. "You're the guest of honor."

"Hold on a minute, Greg tells him. "We have some unfinished business. I
need you to go put some shorts on for a minute so that we can go outside
make sure you're thumb works on the front door Lock" They walked outside
for all of 20 seconds. The locked door opened when Kevin presented his
thumbprint to the reader mounted on the door frame and just as the door
buzzed, up walks Corporal Tom Lansford, who says, "I'm pretty sure I'm in
the right place. Private Anton invited me over. I'm Tom from Sergeant
Brown' office."

"Please come in, Greg says. I am private Greg Miller. We've spoken on the
phone several times and I met you about a year ago in the First Sergeants
office."  "Yes, I get a glimpse of many of the guys here only once or twice
when they're getting onboarded. Private Anton thought I should come over
and meet some of you." Greg told the Corporal to have a seat on the
couch. "I'll be right back," said Private Miller.

"Private Anton, Colonel Tom Lansford is here. He said that he's here to
meet some of the guys. Do you think he's prepared for what's about to
happen?" Greg asks.

Anton looks a little worried. "Probably not. I'll go talk to him,"

Private William Anton, still in his Base military garb, goes and sits down
next to Corporal Lansford, "hey Tom, glad you could make it over. I wanna
prepare you for what you are going to see and experience.."

"Okay, like what? Says the Corporal.

"We have a little ritual when a new guy comes into our unit. Everybody gets
naked in the shower and they piss all over the new guy. Are you okay with
that?"

"Look, you know that my interests are pretty kinky. We've talked about what
I`m into. I was hoping that they would be something sexy going on here this
afternoon. So, It sounds great. Do I get to participate or do I have to
just sit back and just watch?" Asks Lansford.

"I would love it if you participated. I really want to get you out of your
office more. You're a very sexy man, Tom Lansford, but nobody gets to see
that because you're always hiding behind the army fatigues that do nothing
to show off your hot self, so yeah, everybody here is gonna be naked,
hopefully including you. We will introduce you to everyone, whom you mostly
already know with your paperwork and over the phone."

"Awesome. Where do I put my clothes and when does this start?

"just about now. You should leave your clothes in my office so come with
me. "

Anton presses the mic button in his office and announces. 1600 hours. The
beer is in the kitchen," he doesn't have to tell anyone that they should be
naked. They pretty much already know that. They pretty much already are
naked. "That's how they are most of the time at the house," he explains to
Tom. Tom, taking off his clothes and grinning ear to ear. `Finally,' he
thought to himself.

All of the men of the house gathered in the kitchen and dining room. All of
these exceedingly hot, naked, confident men were starting to bone up as
they gather. These men don't keep their hands to themselves. They were
excited to welcome the new guy, private Kevin Jones. Some of them have had
the chance to meet him, just yesterday in the shower.

Anton, speaking loudly to the group, "hey guys we all know what we're here
for. Grab a beer if you haven't already and let's get our guest of honor
wet in a few minutes. He'll be in the shower on his knees. You know how to
introduce yourselves."

He waits a couple of minutes and as the guys wonder into the shower room
and bedroom, because they don't all fit in the shower stall at once, but
the walls are glass so everyone gets a view. "We also have another guest,
Corporal Tom Lansford. I want to welcome him into the group as well. He
needs to get to know all of you and you get to know him... so drink up that
first beer and let's get started. Let's move into the shower, shall we?

Anton directs: "Line up over here boys...  "Private Kevin Jones, get on
your knees and open your mouth. Put your head back and get ready. I want
you to meet private Joey Reynolds, this is private Kevin Jones. Joey is one
of our ambassadors and as Joey pisses in Kevin`s open mouth he says `nice
to meet you again Kevin'.  He shakes the last couple of drops into Kevin's
mouth. "Kevin," Anton says, "I'd like you to meet Tim Butler one of our
ambassadors, this is Kevin Jones. 'nice to meet you again too' Private
Butler says. Bill Palmer steps into position and says "nice to meet you
private Jones. Drink this piss, it's good shit. Come on swallow it down.'
Seven more of the ambassadors say their greetings.

Private Kevin Jones was soaking wet. His hair was wet. His face was
dripping, it was spilling off his chin. Still squatting in the middle of
the shower, Anton says "let's grab another beer and come back in
here. Kevin, you stay right there on your knees where you belong,"
intentionally humiliating Private Jones.

A moment later, everybody has a new beer in their hand, starting to drink
it. "It's warm so it goes right through you just like we want. Private
Jones, do you have anything to say?" says Anton, the master of
ceremonies...

"Yeah, I do. I really want to say thank you so much for welcoming me. All
you sexy men. I'm proud to be part of the group.  Before yesterday I had
never been pissed on or in and now I can't get enough. This is like my new
favorite thing. Anytime you guys need a urinal, call my name." The whole
group is laughing. "One more thing... could somebody bring me a beer?"

Anton steps in, "hey Corporal Tom, come here. Guys, I want you to make Tom
feel welcome. Tom, Kneel down... let's get him wet." The whole group closes
in around him, now with these two men on the floor of the shower that's
only big enough for four or five, all of them naked and all of them pissing
on these two men, both of them with big smiles. Kevin leans over and puts
his arm around Tom and pulls him into a grinning kiss, which in turn
inspires the other naked men to piss on them as one. The two men just keep
kissing and grinning. Everyone is getting wet from the splatter. Some of
the guys want more.

Somebody turns on the shower. And then somebody else turns another one on
and very quickly all five showerheads are squirting on 18 naked guys in
very close proximity, washing their bodies and all the piss that they've
just shared.

Greg runs to the laundry and pulls out several clean, white towels.

All the men are half chubbed and a few can be found scattered around the
Family room and dining room jacking each other's dicks, sucking on a
buddies cock, one couple swapping piss, lots of kissing. It was a naked
cocktail party with the emphasis on cocks. Corporal Tom kind of withdrew to
the sides after a few minutes in the shower room and feeling a tiny bit
ignored, he wants to meet someone but he kind of wanted to get some
perspective on the group. As he thought about it he found that he didn't
feel like he could just go up and jack some guys dick. Or kiss them. At
least not before being personally introduced, As he looked around,
thinking, `who would be fun to know.' He thought it was very fun to watch,
but he didn't really know how to participate in this group of men. So he
just sat on the couch playing with his balls and watching for the time
being. Anton observes this, and says, "hey Greg, you owe me a blowjob!"
Greg waits to hear the rest of the sentence. Anton nods at Corporal
Tom. Greg knows what he needs to do.  Plants his knees on the floor in
front of the Corporal "Hey, Tom, can I have this dance? Tom's dick, already
semi hard from observing the sexy men, grew 2 inches more. "What do you
want me to do?" The Corporal asked. "I want you to enjoy this. Sit
back...Cum when you want, I will be happy to take it."

The party moved around the house a little bit. Guys feeling each other's
butts, some of them playing with nipples and kissing. Typically, these
things happen around the house, but not all at once. Anton was very
pleased. Tom was very pleased, but he thought he should leave early; Greg,
reminded Kevin that he had an obligation for the evening.

"I haven't forgotten" he put his arm around Greg from behind and kissed his
ear and neck, saying very softly I made sure I didn't even cum tonight
because I was so looking forward to fucking you. The party is kind of
dwindling at this point, can we sneak away to your room?"

Greg spun on his feet and said, "oh yes, we can. But we don't have to
sneak."

"Okay, good. I just need to chat with Tom for a couple minutes and I'll
meet you in your room." Greg agreed.

"Hey Tom. I'm glad to meet you here. That was fun getting pissed on with
you. Were you into that?

"Oh yeah, I loved it. But I liked kissing you most. I'm pretty kinky, I
just don't get out much. And you guys are typically pretty busy, but I
loved it. You looked like you were enjoying yourself, Tom said. "And it
felt pretty special getting pissed on together with you. You were the life
of the party. You inspired everyone else to get into it all. I don't know
but instinctively it felt like they were all celebrating you."

"Well, you're very sweet to say that. I don't know. I think they probably
do that with all the new guys. But what do I know. So far, I like all these
guys a lot, But the reason I wanted to chat is to see if there's a time
when I can come over to your office when you can explain to me what's
expected ... Like paperwork wise? I need to learn how to be a good
ambassador," Private Jones explained.

"Oh, God yes. That would be so helpful for you to know that shit. Might we,
like you and I, go out for dinner and a drink afterward? Corporal Lansford
asked.

"I'd like that, Tom, but there's a problem. I'm not old enough to buy a
drink," Kevin replied.

"Oh my God. I thought you were like 22 or 23, no?" Asks Tom.

"I'm almost 19." Kevin announced. Tom was stunned. "When is your birthday?"

"In a few days. But I have a thought about what we can do after I visit you
in your office. If you're up for it, we can come back here and fuck." Kevin
says flashing his big smile. Tom melts.

"Wow... What do you want to do for your birthday?" Tom asks.

"I think I'd love to have a fuck party. You wanna come if I can get
permission to have a party? Asks Private Jones.  Lansford nods that he
does. "I have something planned now... I got to run upstairs. You remember
where your clothes are?"

"I do." Answers Lansford

"Good," Kevin smiles and give Tom a nice kiss. "See you soon... I hope."

---

Untitled (Chapter 49)

Date: Wed, 23 Oct 2024 11:53:46 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 11

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a multi chapter story about Kink and Piss and a
sexy Army Private who is actively getting to know the men in the
house. This is a fictional story about adult gay men. If you aren't
interested, or this is illegal where you live, please find another story to
read.

Please help Nifty to continue performing their great work and entertaining
us. Please join me in contributing to Nifty $25 or $50 every couple of
months. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments. I hope you
enjoy this story.

The Precursor to this story is "The New Army Recruit" written by
er14990606@gmail.com. That's where Kevin Jones got his Army footing. Go
back and read that story. It's very hot.

Kevin Jones - New Orders 11

Day 2        1400

Greg makes his way to Anton's office. He pushes the Mic button and simply
says. "Coast is clear." It's not loud or boomy but you can hear it clearly
in every room.

"Come on, let's go into the gym and see if the guys are still here.."

"Okay, what's up?" Asks Private Miller

"Can you figure out which of the guys are here that didn't participate in
my introduction ceremony? You know, on my knees in the shower room?

"Yeah, I think so."

"Good let's get everybody naked and down to the showers. I wanna get
introduced to them all."

"You must be Thirsty," observes Greg.

"Yup."

"I have a thought." Says Greg. "Let's bring Anton into it. Maybe he'll
splurge on a case of beer. And then we can all be ready at the same time
for the welcoming party. And you know, you probably could just go announce
that you're thirsty in the gym, or squat in the shower. But I like the idea
of bring Anton in on this."

"Okay, agreed. I can wait. But I do need to wet my whistle right now."

"Let's go get in the shower. I'll meet you there." Says Greg

Greg goes on a search for Anton and finds that he's not in the house. Greg
goes into Anton's office and sends him a text. "Talk for 10 secs?" The
phone rings 5 secs later. "What's up?" Says Anton. Greg explains that Kevin
himself is requesting introduction ceremony for the rest of the guys who
couldn't participate yesterday."

Anton say, "and you want me to bring some beer, don't you?" "Uh, yes. I'm
sorry if I'm interrupting something," says Private Miller

"Yeah, nothing I can't do later. But spread the word amongst the men that
we're going to complete the introduction ceremony. I want everyone to be
there and involved this time." Anton states. "I can get there by 1600 or
sooner. Tell the crew."

Greg puts it out over the intercom system. "Private Anton hosting a Beer
party in the Dining Room at 1600 hours.

And then he hits the showers as he said he would. Greg finds Kevin naked
and kneeling on the floor in the shower. Greg, who's half hard says, "open
your mouth..."

----------------------------

Private Anton had been summoned to the 1st Sergeant's office for a general
verbal summation update about the team. A regular report that occurs once a
week.

"The only thing we've talked about is Private Kevin Jones. We've skipped
over everything else.

"My department is so used to taking care over everyone's needs that we can
get caught up in the minutia and fail to look at the big picture." Sergeant
Brown states. "So, let me ask how Private Jones is doing first. I'm going
to be talking to Sergeant Zelsky tomorrow and I expect he'll ask. I know
he's got a soft spot for Jones, even though he's got Johnson at Bragg. But,
then, you know, we always like the new toys, don't we? Like always, I'm
going to want to test Private Jones, put him to good use one day soon. You
haven't scheduled him out yet, have you.?"

No, Sir. We've only had him for 2 days. We are breaking him in quickly, but
not ready to send him out by himself yet, although I have to say, he's got
a brain on him. He asks good questions. And he never says no."

"Well, he's not supposed to ever say no. Especially to me. And Zelsky told
me that he's a special boy.."

"Sergeant, let me condition him for a while. I know that he really wants to
please you. He's even asked me to fuck him a few times to open him up so he
can take your large cock. Speaking of that, I want to ask your permission
on something. I've told you how kinky I am. I want to take Jones to the
Dore Alley Street Fair in San Francisco at the end of the month. I want to
give him a road test, I think he might be our answer for some of our kinder
clients. I would take a car on Thurs Morning and be back by Monday
afternoon. I would leave Private Greg Miller in charge. And if there are
any areas of concern for that weekend we can bring in Corporal Lansford who
does all of our scheduling and takes all the calls anyway... speaking of
which I'd like to involve Corporal Lansford in some of the sport and role
play with the men at the house. Tom needs to come out of his shell. He
knows pretty much all that's going on with these guys, can I bring him over
to the house once in a while? I think he'd benefit from it. And you know I
think it would be good to have him come over and teach Jones and a couple
of the others about how to better take care of the secretarial and
organizational kind of work with him to make appointments and
arrangements. I think he'd enjoy the camaraderie.

"Yeah sure... we'll see how that goes. Ask him how he might feel about it
on your way out. I never talk to him about the specifics of what over there
at the house," Sergeant Tyrone Brown says. "Tom is only involved with the
logistics."

"Thank you Sir", Says Private Anton as he stands up, salutes and heads for
the doors all in one move.

"Hey... one more thought. I might like to go to that Dore Alley thing. I've
thought about those kinds of events and I never get around to actually
attending. I'm gonna take a look at it. I don't want to grow old and die
just sitting in this chair."

"Could that be a bit risky for you, Sir?" Anton queries.

"Yeah, sure," the Sergeant replies. "It could be risky for you too. Life is
risky, ya know?"

-------------------------

On his way out Private Anton stops at Corporal Tom Lansford's desk, pulls
up a chair and sits down, "Can you talk for a minute?" Tom nods, "I know
that you and I have had some private chats about some of our favorite kinky
movies so I kind of think I know what you like, but I'd like for you to
consider coming over the house occasionally and getting to know and maybe
mingle a little with the men over there. I think you should get to know
them.  On a day-to-day business level, I think it would be good for you to
get to know them and help them get better at what they do... you know, with
you coaching them. I doubt these guys have too much understanding for what
you make happen... so, can I invite you to come join us occasionally? You
are part of our team, after all. You would get some of the benefits I
think. These are some of the hottest and most oversexed men in Utah, after
all. But it's up to you."

"Sure, thanks, I'd love that. I'm ready for something. I don't want to grow
old and die in this chair. I think I need to meet some guys. I'm free this
afternoon, I'll get off about 1600 Hours."

"I'll see you then." Anton tells the Corporal.

Corporal Tom Lansford attempts to focus on the work at his desk, but finds
that his thoughts are wrapped in some of the men over at the house that
he's met. Most of his interaction with the men has been through Private
William Anton, making arrangements for flights, cars, meetings, all over
the phone. But the occasional glimpses of the men as they visit the First
Sergeant on rare occasions has made him realize that the residents of the
house are all very handsome, sexy Army guys that he would love to have as
friends or even just observe on occasion. His friend, Anton, has told him
little bits of stories about the men and their excursions, but not in
detail.

Tom knows that they're gay because he's walked in on the Sergeant getting
head on very rare occasions, sitting in his chair while the men from the
house come over to service him. It seems that all the men leave happy when
they've completed their visit. Tom knows that the First Sargent has a
legendary sized cock because he's seen it on these very rare occasions. Tom
isn't sure that Sergeant Brown even knows that Tom's witnessed this as he
seems very engrossed in the young men who are worshipping his very large
penis. Tom just quickly and silently withdraws from his office when that
happens. And it's never been spoken of between them.

---

Untitled (Chapter 50)

Date: Fri, 18 Oct 2024 10:41:27 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 10

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a multi chapter story about Kink and Piss and a
sexy Army Private who is getting to know his Unit. This is a fictional
story about adult gay men. If you aren't interested, or this is illegal
where you live, please find another story to read.

Please help Nifty to continue performing their great work and entertaining
us. Please join me in contributing to Nifty $25 or $50 every couple of
months. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/)

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments. I hope you
enjoy this story.

The Precursor to this story is "The New Army Recruit" written by
er14990606@gmail.com. That's where Kevin Jones got his Army footing. Go
back and read that story. It's very hot.

Kevin Jones - New Orders 10

Day 2 1215

By the time Miller has led Jones back outside, into the Nutrition Bar,
Private Jones get's the idea that Private Miller is miffed. They both
stop. Jones calmly says, "What is the matter?"

Miller with a scowl but in a hushed tone says, "What the fuck are you
doing?"

Jones, feeling a little defensive, softly answered "First I'm getting to
know everyone in the house which is I was told to do, and secondly, I was
told that I couldn't say No to anyone in the house, plus I think I need to
stretch out my hole so I don't get hurt along the way. Did I misunderstand
something?"

Miller thinks for a minute and pauses and softly responds, "you're right. I
guess I'm just a tiny bit jealous. I am a gay SUB, with a capital S and
Private Anton gave you to me to take care of for 3 days, which is like a 3
day free pass for me. First, he took you for the night and slept with you
and then I find Private Reynolds and his Buddy, Tim with you bent over and
a finger up your butt. "

"Hey look," says Kevin Jones in intense but whispering tones, "First, I
told you that I loved you fucking me in your room last night and that I
hope we do that lots more, but I have to learn how to fit into a household
with a bunch of gay men IN the fucking Army, no less. And I'm doing my best
to follow all of the protocols here. Plus, I've been ordered to fuck you
tonight." Kevin puts his arms around Private Miller and gives him a gentle
but wet kiss. "I'm really looking forward to fucking you tonight, Okay?
Now, Greg, let's go introduce my thumb to your computer...okay? All better?
Greg sniffed a little and gave a small smile back indicating his acceptance
of what he'd just been told.

They walk to the small office where they find Private Anton sitting at his
desk sitting in his chair, behind his desk. "Excuse me Private Anton, Can I
use your desk for a moment? I need to register Private Jones thumbprint in
the House Lock system," says Private Miller, following the directions that
Anton had given him the day before.

"You can, But you're gonna owe me a BJ," says Anton.

"You know me, anything for the team," replies Greg. Anton gets up and goes
into the Gym to see what's going on in there.

"Was he serious about you owing him a blowjob?" Asks Kevin of Greg. "Of
course he's serious. Besides, I'm not allowed to answer No ever. Neither
are you. Neither is anyone here.

"Anton must get a lot of blowjobs," Private Jones observes in a hushed
voice.

"As many as he wants," answers Greg. "Now, sit still and put your thumb
right here on this little scanner." It lights up for a minute. Greg taps
`Private Keven Jones.' on the keyboard As he utters the words quietly to
himself and continues typing. "Reports to Private 1st Class William
Anton... There. We'll give it a couple of minutes and then go out to the
front door and make sure it works. Uh-oh, we'll have to wait. I see the
tailor walking up the front steps with his measurement briefcase. Watch and
learn, Private. Greg reaches behind the desk and leans towards a small,
built into the wall is a microphone and he pushes a button which lights up
green. "We have an outsider at the front door who is entering the
building. It's the Tailor." "We don't have occasion to do that often. But
with everyone running around naked it's important that they at Least know
get a warning."

Greg gets up and walks to the front door with Kevin. "Welcome Mr. Hoffman,
please come in.... This is Private Kevin Jones whom you will be fitting."
Private Miller escorts them into the Family Room where Mr. Hoffman likes to
do fittings. As Hofmann opens his bag and pulls out some chalk and cloth
tape, he says, "pleased to meet you, Sir." The room has a long mirror on
the wall and a Large Skylight overhead.

"Would you please get the pants from your uniform and bring your boots as
well." All of the men here have been measured by Mr. Hoffman, a man
probably in his early 40s, and they all know that if he's going to measure
you, he's going to be fondling your package, cock and balls, Greg is
thinking.

Kevin runs back down with his dress pants and hand and gives them to
Mr. Hoffman. "Please put them on." Mr. Hofmann waiting anxiously and
observing everything. "No private Jones, take off your underwear. "

Kevin looks a little oddly toward Greg expecting to hear something
reasonable that would explain this. Greg has heard this before and repeats
this: "Mr. Hofmann does his best to make every single man in this unit look
as fabulous and masculine as possible. Mr. Hofmann will design something to
accommodate your package. Something that will be built into the pants. And
then Greg drops back to the empty couch in the room and sits observing the
process. Out comes Mr. Hoffmans cloth tape and takes all the measurements
from his crotch down to his heel. "Very good, now take off your pants." And
the tape measures everything again. It measures his inseam it measures
around his thigh. It measures around his butt. It measures from his waist
down the back to his balls, Kevin is beginning to giggle a little at the
process. "Make your dick hard for me." Kevin just looks at him with his
mouth kind of open. Greg just sits there and grins, enjoying Kevin's lack
of understanding. Mr. Hofmann proceeds, "I have to know exactly what I'm
working with. I don't want you to experience wardrobe malfunctions in
public. I want you to look like a goddamned superhero. This is my job. This
is what I do. Now get hard for me."  Kevin squeezes his junk for a moment
and then Mr. Hofmann says " Oi, I will do this." And he grabs private Jones
dick and starts to suck on it. Kevin looks at Greg, raising his
eyebrows. Greg simply shrugs as if to say, `what do you want me to do about
it?'

And then, when it's all hard and drippy, Mr. Hofmann pulls out his tape and
measures everything again. And then starts to pack up his satchel. But
private Jones says "wait, please. Can I ask you a question? Is it possible
for you to craft me some leather shorts?"

"Tell me about these shorts, please" Hofmann says.

"well, Kevin tells Mr. Hofmann that he'd like for them to be very tight,
i'd like for them to show a large bulge. I'd like for the shorts to ride
low on my waist and high on my thighs, I want my butt to stand out in a
crowd, and the leather should be very soft."

"do you want a zipper?" Kevin nods. "if you want your junk to really stand
out, we can do a criss-cross drawstring in front." "I like it" agrees
Kevin. "one more thing Mr. Hofmann asks, "shall I put a zipper in the
back?" Kevin say yes.

"One more thing, "Kevin asks. "How much will these cost? " "only one
blowjob....  I will suck you,". " I will have the pants and the shorts in
one week, but you must come to my shop to pick them up."

" I still have more questions Mr. Hoffman: can you make things like a
leather harness or chaps?" " yes, of course, I can make anything. Leather
is my favorite.

"I want one for myself and one for a gift." Kevin tells him.

But I will need to measure whoever these are for." Hoffman says

"do you keep the measurements for everybody who lives here?" "Of course,"
Hoffman says.  "Please understand, one is for me and the other harness will
be for a gift, he whispers to Mr. Hoffman. "I want to keep this super
quiet. I want you to make a pair of chaps and a bulldog harness for private
Anton." "Yes sir, I can do that," states Hoffman

" I hope we can negotiate a good price. Mr. Hoffman, I don't have a lot of
money." "Private Jones, I will work with you to make sure you get a good
deal. I like you" and with that Mr. Hofmann leaves through the front door.

Without getting out of the seat, Greg says, "what the fuck are you up to?

---

Untitled (Chapter 51)

Date: Tue, 15 Oct 2024 14:53:40 -0700
From: PalmerKunkel
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 9

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a multi chapter story about an Army Private who
is very engaged in kinky sex and Urination games. This is a fictional story
about adults gay men. If you aren't interested, or this is illegal where
you live, please find another story to read.

I love to read Nifty stories and I've been inspired by these stories. I
definitely want Nifty to continue performing their great work and
entertaining us. Please join me in contributing to Nifty $25 or $50 every
couple of months. They need funds to continue to do the work they
do. Please Support Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/)

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments. I hope you
enjoy this story.

The Precursor to this story is "The New Army Recruit" written by
er14990606@gmail.com. That's where Kevin Jones got his Army footing. Go
back and read that story. It's very hot.


Kevin Jones - New Orders 9

Day 2 1100

The 2 mile run was pretty easy, Kevin thought. But then he was doing more
than that back in Fort Bragg. They all were. But private Jones was really
looking forward to the gym. He wondered to himself why there were two gyms?
Why would the ambassadors need a special facility for them only? But then
he figured that he'd know soon enough.

Private Miller walked private Jones through the gym and into the locker
room and showers beyond. "Just wanted you to know where all this shit
is. If you want ever to use the locker room, you just have to bring your
own lock. But I don't even think any of our guys, use the lockers or the
showers here." Then they headed back into the gym replete with treadmills
and mostly older weight-stack plate systems. There were certainly no
machines with automatic anything. Every single weight had to be hauled over
from the weight racks and loaded onto the machines and set up in order to
perform any exercise. And then you have to take the weights back to their
storage spot and it better be in the right place or they would call you out
on it. The Army way.

Miller grabbed one of the old style gym forms and started to check off all
the exercises that he was assigning Jones to complete, rotating some by
days of the week most days. "You're going to do three sets of everything
today and every day this week.  Then we're going to go to four sets for the
next week and then you're going to do five sets of each of these exercises
for the following two weeks and we will review you then. But that's only in
this gym. I'll take you over to the other gym where you will also work out
for a while each day. Let's get started." Miller, asked Jones how much he
was used to pushing. Private Jones responded, "I've been doing more cardio
and core for the last 3 months. But I'm looking forward to pushing some
weight. I love working out." Miller, with his own cut and studly body,
instructed Jones to begin by showing how he will use these weights. With
most of the exercises he had good form. when he didn't, Miller would jump
in and show him the correct way, the army way, of using the
machine. Private Jones was enjoying the interaction with his buddy but, was
mindful of not running his hands over Private Jones arms and chest in full
view of other Army men. "Not the ambassadors, we don't worry about
them. they can see everything". The 2 men rotated, sharing the same
machines so that they could take advantage of not having to carry out two
sets of weights back-and-forth. The workout was a little shorter than
anticipated because this first day was basically about how to use the gym
and the correct form for each of the exercises. "It's going to get harder,
and so will you. I suggest that we shower back at the house. Our showers
are much nicer. Let's head over."

"Do we have time for a snack and a cup of coffee? I could really use it,
Jones pleaded."

"Sure, if there's any left. And if there's not, we could grab some caffeine
pills at the nutritional bar, they really help when it comes to working
out. But here's the thing, the maximum number of cups of coffee or pills or
combination of the two is five per day. Don't go over that or you won't be
able to sleep, unless, of course, you're going to be doing an all
nighter. Typically, they last for only four or five hours, just like
coffee."  Jones appreciated the guidance and opted for the cup of
coffee. "I need something warm in my stomach," Jones said. Miller retorted,
whispering in Kevin's ear. " When we're done with our exercises, I'll be
more than happy to fill your stomach with something warm. "Kevin laughed,
"awesome, maybe later, but I think I need a protein bar at the moment. "

"Follow me, Miller Said, kind of as if it were an invitation. Private Jones
was guided past the showers into a small dressing room. No lockers, just
small cubbies along the wall where you could put your shoes and
shirts. There was a locker room type bench in the middle of the
room. Nothing fancy, but clean. Nothing secure and then continued through
another door into the hi Tech gym which is used exclusively by the guys in
the unit. Only ambassadors, their immediate superiors and Sergeant Brown's
staff could use this facility, in fact, nobody else knew about it.

Kevin immediately observed, "wow, there's almost no old shit in here. This
is all newer and high-tech."The layout was compact. Maybe 30x35 feet. Most
of the floor was one giant semi hard rubber mat. And the machines were
mostly not about huge weights, but small core units that would assist a
user with muscle shaping. A couple of benches, a small rack of dumbbells,
and, most surprisingly, a motorized fuck machine set up on the floor with a
cabinet of attachable dildoes of various sizes and right next to that, 2
large pump bottles sitting on a small counter, one with lube and the other
with Hibiclens, and a deep utility sink for cleaning the equipment. A roll
of paper towels under the counter.

"We have to be conditioned to be ready for whatever our clients want, You
see those hooks in the ceiling? That's where we can hang slings. We need to
be in tip top condition, ready to take anything. The floor is made to hose
it down if necessary. Usually, a good cleaning out prior is all that's
necessary. The guys know how to use this stuff," says Private Miller. "I'm
guessing that you've never taken a fist, right?"

"Correct," Jones answers a little dubiously, "is that required?"

" Nobody's gonna tell you that you have to, but, if you get fucked by the
First Sergeant and you're not prepared to take it, you may regret it. If we
stretch your hole out enough, you'll probably enjoy it a whole lot
more. And, if I might offer my services, I would love to participate in
opening you up, says Miller smiling widely. "So give it some
thought. Perhaps you should observe some of the other guys training in
here. Remember, it's the reason why we promote voyeurism. We always benefit
when we teach each other. I love to get fisted and I'd be happy for you to
learn on my hole if you want. Keep in mind that you will also be doing
Kegel exercises here in this gym to teach you how to close your hole back
up each time. Your sphincter is just another muscle and it needs to be
exercised.

" Are we working out in here today? Or can I just observe today and start
in tomorrow? Asks Kevin.

" you can spend about 20 minutes observing in here now, but we need to get
your thumbprint registered in the database and then you have an appointment
with the `Tailor to the ambassadors' right after that. And I'll be with you
for the whole day," says Miller. "I'll be back in a few minutes, I got to
go visit the head. "

As soon as Greg Miller leaves the gym room, a couple of guys that Kevin
hasn't met before, walk up to him and offer to shake hands, "Hi new guy,
I'm Joey and this is Tim."

"do I have to drop to my knees and open my mouth?" Kevin introduces himself
with a welcoming smile. "I'm Private Kevin Jones."

"Yeah, but we can do the introduction ritual this afternoon. And, yes Kevin
we know who you are. All the hot guys here keep track of one another, Right
now we're just about to do some floor exercises. Have any questions about
this facility?"

" well, yes Sergeant Miller has just introduced me to the concept of
needing to use this fuck machine over here to open up my ass. How do you
guys deal with it?"

"I really like to get fucked by a real dick more than by the machine," says
Joey. " but I think three things are necessary to be constantly ready:
first a human cock, 2nd by the fuck machine. An 3rd by a fist.

"Keep in mind that the machine doesn't get tired. It goes for as long as
it's needed. And sometimes that's exactly what's called for" says
Tim. "Which do you like best?"

" I've never played with a machine like this or taken a fist so I really
don't know, but it seems like I probably need to," Kevin replies. "But I
think I'm gonna need some help. Do you guys help each other?"

"We do. And we'd be very happy to help you too." Do you mind if we take a
look?" Asks Tim. "Drop your short and bend over. Pull your glutes apart."

Kevin complies. Drops his shorts and bends over, opening his hole for
inspection. Tim squats right behind Kevin, gets up close and runs his
forefinger over Kevin's starfish. "this is really beautiful, Joey. Come
check this out"

Joey does. He gets right up to Kevin`s butt hole and presses his two thumbs
on either side stretching the hole open even more "you're right. It is
beautiful, but it needs some work. You could barely fit a tongue in there.
You know, Kevin we are really good at this and we can help you with it.
Anton told me you might want some help" And then he spits on Kevin`s hole
and rubs it around. Kevin doesn't flinch. He just moans long and slow.
"Yeah, this is a nice hole, I can work with this."

At just this moment, Greg walks back into the room. "Hi boys, Kevin, we
need to get going. You have an appointment."

"Okey dokey," says Private Tim. "We'll be around this afternoon. Come find
us." And then he reveals a huge smile.

---

Untitled (Chapter 52)

Date: Sat, 12 Oct 2024 10:47:16 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 8

New Orders 8

Day 2   -  0015

Private Jones followed Private first class out of his office and into the
showers before they made their way up to Jones new apartment, which he's
hasn't yet slept in alone.

Anton tells him to clean up."I'm not crazy about used butt hole when I
don't know where it's been. I want everything clean."

"Private Jones says to Anton,"But Private you do know exactly where my butt
hole has been. So does that mean that I'm in charge since we're going up to
my room?"

" no," Anton said casually. "It doesn't mean any such thing. I'm always in
charge until I'm out ranked or I choose to submit." Smirk. " so clean out
your ass and wash your balls and get that slime off your dick." "There may
be times when you will be in charge for the sake of some good role
play. I'll let you know when the time comes."

"What is it you're gonna have me do?"

"Actually, my brain is pretty focused on oral skills." Says Anton. And with
that he steps closer toward the young private, and puts his arms around his
wet torso. Nice warm water spilling down their bodies. Anton, a taller man
by several inches, reaches further down Kevin's back, sliding his hand down
to the young soldiers butt crack. Anton actively plays with Kevin`s hole,
spitting on his finger and inserting it into Kevin's sexy butt. And then he
slides out his finger and holds it up to his nose and sniffs. He makes a
little bit of a face, krinkling up his nose and then holds his finger up to
Kevin`s nose says "what are you gonna do about this?"

Kevin smirks and says, "Yep. Gonna to have to take care of that."

Anton says: "squat down. Open your legs" and then walks around behind him
and grabs a slightly lubed hose and shoves it up Kevin`s chute not too
gently. And while Kevin is in the squatting position, Anton stands up and
walks around to his front and pisses on his face. Kevin, still in the
squatting position, opens his mouth and takes as much as he can get of
Anton's gift. "Delicious."

The men get one last rinse off before they towel each other dry... and then
they kind of walk hurriedly up to Private Kevin Jones's quarters, each of
them sporting a large half Boner. When they get into Kevin`s room, Anton
sits on the bed and leans back on the pillows with his arms behind his head
and says, "show me what you got." Kevin leans over, caressing his seniors
legs and balls, first climbs up and nibbles on Anton's chest. But only
grazes there for a moment before he takes Anton face in his hands and
begins to kiss him in earnest. Full open mouth and tongue. It's pretty
clear from the first moment of play that Kevin intends to impress his
superior. And then, he leans over, and starts to eat out his left
armpit. "Mmmmm, " Kevin moans. And continues licking it out. He stays there
for at least a couple of minutes and then crawls across Anton's chest and
starts to service the other armpit. " Let me guess... Dior... Sergeant
lumberjack?". Anton Snickers and grabs Kevin's face and smothers him with
all the drool and spit, he can muster, kissing him and smearing it all over
his face and neck. Dominating Jones with drool. "... love that."

While Private Jones begins to suck on Private Anton's nipples, Anton starts
talking, "Sergeant Zelsky wasn't wrong about you. You are something
special. But right now I want you to go down and work on my dick and balls
for a few minutes." After Anton was fully chubbed he grabbed his partner,
sliding him down and flipping him over and spreading his legs, all in one
quick tactical move.

" are you gonna fuck me?" Private Jones asked a bit worried.  "Nope. You're
not ready. I'm not here to hurt you, at least not tonight. I'm just going
to eat you out. I have reason to believe that this ass here could be dining
at its finest." And with that, Kevin fully opened his legs as his head
relaxed face down into the pillow. Anton dove in like a starving
prisoner. After about 25 minutes, and a great deal of 2 men moaning, Anton
realized that it was late. "I want more, but I realize it's been a long day
for both of us. Do you need to cum?" Kevin shook his head no. They crawled
under the covers and spooned all night, Private Jones was a very happy
little spoon, both asleep within a minute.



Day 2 05:00

Private Jones wakes up in a haze. Tired, a little hung over from lack of
sleep. He realizes that he needs to wake up the big spoon laying next to
him. "Private Anton, it's 05:00 hours. Where do I need to be? Where do you
need to be?"

"Ummm..., speaking without opening his eyes, "at 0 600 we need to be
downstairs at the breakfast/nutrition bar. Probably should have a cup of
coffee before that. Do you drink coffee?"

"I do. Shall I go find some for us?" asks Jones. Anton grunts and nods.

"How do you take your coffee Private?" questions Jones.

"Black. This is the fuckin Army. How do you take yours? "Anton chides
Kevin.

"I usually take mine with a little milk and a tiny bit of sugar"

"There's a tiny bit of milk in my room. I'll go get it in a minute. You go
get 2 coffees," with that, Anton throws the bedding off of himself
revealing his impressive morning wood. Anton gets up and walks to his room
and returns with a little milk carton and a sugar packet, still sporting
his morning wood. Kevin, smiling, with two coffees that he has found in the
kitchen, asks Anton if this is a special event? He really wanting to know
what to expect of his superior.

Anton sips on the coffee. Kevin is mixing his up to be just right, Anton
answers "fuck no. I'm just getting to know you, just like all the other
boys. You know, I manage in a candy store so I get to sample the goods."

"I understand." Kevin replies. But his voice projected a little
disappointment.

"Look, let me be honest. You have a lot of eyes on you. All the guys here
have seen you and talk about you and want a piece. That happens a lot here,
you're gonna have some fun here, Jones," states Anton.

You know sergeant Zelsky recommended you to first sergeant Tyrone
Browne. Zelsky is a friend of ours. So we all want to know more about
you. You didn't have to go through all the scrutiny and testing as most of
the guys. Sergeant Brown has a special interest in you because of his
friendship with Zelsky. So, in fact, you are a little bit special. All the
other guys don't know why. But I know that and now you know that. But it's
up to me to make sure that you are absolutely prepared for all that you're
gonna have to get involved with. And I'm not going to be the one to let
down First Sergeant Brown. And, private Jones, you're not gonna fail. I
won't let that happen. so I plan to keep you a little closer than maybe
some of the other guys. I need to get another cuppa coffee. See you
downstairs." Anton stands up and strokes his dick a couple of times. "Gotta
keep up my image," and smirks a little as he leaves the room.

Private Kevin Jones gets back into his bedroom and cleans up a little bit,
making the bed and fluffing the pillows. And then he runs downstairs to
find Private Greg Miller in his apartment.

" what the fuck happened to you last night?"

Private Jones explained that he reported to Anton just like private Miller
had told him to do... and that Anton wanted to continue talking. "I didn't
think it was fair to come wake you up when I would see you first thing this
morning."

Miller, a little dismissively, said, "Private Anton gave me your ass to
take care of for three days. I expect to be able to fulfill my
obligations. And you're not going to get me in trouble. Do you understand
that?"

" now why are you standing in front of me naked when we have to be at the
nutrition bar in six minutes?"

" is this something that we need to get dressed for?"

Greg says, " well, you're gonna look pretty stupid running for 2 miles
around the base when you're the only one naked. I would've explained all of
this if you had come back to find me last night. And you need to stick with
me for the rest of the morning. I will put you through your first gym
workout immediately after the 2 mile run. And then you have an appointment
with the Tailor at 11. Just before that or just after that I have to get
your thumbprint put into our database so that you can get into this
building when you need to. Understood?"

"I'd better get dressed," said private Jones to himself as he scurried
upstairs to grab some clothes.

Most of the 14 troops met at the nutrition bar, dressed in their running
and gym attire. Not all of the guys are here as three of the ambassadors
are out, taking care of their assigned army officers.

Most of the guys knew who the new recruit was, and someone made a comment
that they would love to be introduced. They all knew exactly what that
means, because it's a ritual that they all go through each time somebody
knew comes into their squad. Private Jones joked, "do I have to get down on
my knees right now? I just changed into these dry clothes." The entire
group laughed. Some patted him on the back and Greg Miller started to
recommend which nutritional supplements he should start taking for the
purpose of getting bigger muscles, and to help his workout and recovery.

All the guys were involved in making mostly blender drinks Complete with
the protein, powders and creatinine and a load of other powders and pills
and fruits. Kevin thought to himself, ` this is an awesome group of
men. All of them are just spectacular.' And they were all checking him out
as well. As the most slender of the guys, Kevin was also muscular in his
own way. A very healthy specimen.

As they gathered for the run, Greg overheard a few of the guys talking
about Jones, speculating about what he might be packing... After all,
everybody in the unit was packing some major heat. Greg had seen them all,
of course, but Kevin had not... Yet. Greg shares the whispering
conversations with Kevin who responds "what the fuck?, they're all gonna
see it in the next day or so. What is the big fucking mystery. I'm
guessing, I will suck on half of them by the end of tomorrow, I hope," he
said with a smile.

"By the way, I really enjoyed getting to know you last night. I understand
that we can't fall in love but I sure hope we get to do that lots more,"
Kevin shared with his friend. Greg smiled broadly. " it's funny that you
should say that," Greg told Kevin, "because tonight you're gonna fuck
me. Anton wants a review."

---

Untitled (Chapter 53)

Date: Tue, 8 Oct 2024 09:59:08 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones - New Orders 7

Kevin Jones - New Orders 7

Day 1   -   2300

It was already 11pm when Kevin left Private Miller's room. A little late to
be disturbing Anton just to critique his sexual performance. But Anton
appeared out of his office door and invited Private Jones to join him in
his office. "I want to hear your impressions about this experience.

"Is there something I should focus on? "Not really, speak freely" Anton
said casually.

"It was very nice. I loved the sex. I like Greg a lot and I know that I'm
not supposed to fall in love with staff members, so I won't. But I loved
getting fucked by his big dick and getting my hole stretched out. Private
Miller is encouraging and sexy and he gave me confidence the entire time we
were having sex, especially while he was fucking me. I actually learned a
lot about the Seduction process from him. He might not have known that he
was teaching me, but he actually was. It was also kind of fun that a couple
of hot men were standing in the doorway and watching us fuck. I haven't
experienced that before, reported Private Jones.

"I hear you were introduced to another member of our household this
evening," Anton queried.

"Yes, Arnoldo Garcia wanted to be introduced. I'm getting in the habit of
dropping to my knees when one of the guys say they want to be introduced to
me. His piss was a little more acrid than the others. By the way, Greg
Millers and your piss taste the best of the guys I've been introduced to."

"Private Anton, my hole really does need to be stretched. Sgt Zelsky gave
me a picture of Sergeant Brown's hard penis. I know that he intends to fuck
me with it. I want that, but I'm concerned. I think that I know that you
have a dick size comparable to Sgt Zelsky. I did take his dick, but not
without some pain, so I know I need some work. I'm requesting that you
point out to me which of the guys here at the house have the necessary size
to stretch my ass some more. And then, Sir, I hope you will fuck me once or
twice before Sgt Brown does. I don't want to bleed from his huge dick. I
think that would be embarrassing and, in a way, I would be letting him
down. And Private Anton, I really want to be great at this. I want to
represent this unit proudly. I want to be your go-to guy. Am I out of line
asking this of you?"

"I'm thinking that you've picked up a lot in one day's time. You seem to
get what we're aiming for here. I appreciate your enthusiasm and it
reflects back on Sgt Zelsky. I don't know if you knew when you came here
that Zelsky is our friend and we respect what he said about you. He comes
here occasionally on military business and utilizes our services. I would
never tell anyone this but I know he's your friend. I know he'll want to
know that you're doing well. Yes, boy, I will do my best to line up 2 or 3
of our biggest boys, starting big to larger to biggest. And, yes, Kevin, I
will love to help you with your stretching exercises. But you're right, I
am the biggest in this unit and you should get fucked by a couple of the
other guys first. The only problem is that I don't have any idea when the
First Sergeant is going to want to review your skills in person. I don't
control his schedule.

"Private Anton, I know I'm asking for Special attention. But I will return
the favor and show you what I'm made of," Private Jones offers. "What am I
doing tomorrow? "

"The tailor got delayed a day so you have an appointment with him at
11am. He does, by the way, know the score here and sometimes likes to
participate. You can discourage him if you don't dig him. But he does like
to suck and get fucked. And he certainly knows how to reflect our virility
in our uniforms. So be friendly to him.

"I also need a little more information from you, Anton says.

"Sure, what?" Kevin asks.

"I want to know about some of your experience," Anton says. "have you ever
engaged in rough play with a Dom?"

"Yes, once just before I signed up for the Army. I liked it. But it made me
think that maybe I'd want to learn more about that before I got in over my
head. I can imagine getting tied up and slapped around a little. I like a
bit of bondage." Kevin tells Anton.

"Have you ever done anything in leather, like a harness, boots, chaps sort
of thing?" Anton continues.

 "Again, yes, but it was just a dress up kind of thing mostly at somebody's
house. A friend of mine needed an escort `cause his boyfriend wasn't into
that scene. Nothing happened except that I had a boner for most of the
night because I was so turned on, so my friend gave me an awesome blowjob
when we got back to his house. Why do you ask?" Says Kevin

"Because sometimes we have the need for one or two of our ambassadors to be
able to do that when we have kinky clients on our hands," Anton told Kevin
in confidence.

"Have you even been into the leather thing? Kevin queried Anton. And Anton,
completely surprised Keven and said, "Yes, I find it very sexy... In fact
there is a Leather street fair in San Francisco called `Dore Alley that
I've been thinking would be fun to attend. Would you like to drive down to
that with me? I can get us a car."

"Fuck yeah. I've seen some hot videos of that." Says Private Kevin
Jones. "But I don't have money for that."

"Do you mind staying in a hotel room with me?" Anton asks.

"Sir... I just got through asking you to fuck me with your big dick. I
think I can deal."

"I'll get some cash. The company will pay for gas. It's in two or 3
weeks. It's about 9 hours to drive there and a little over 800 miles. I
think we should Leave on the Thursday and return on Monday. You're gonna
need some sexy shorts and your boots. I have a harness and Jeans. I think
we should do this," exudes the Private 1st Class. "Are you in?" "Ya know,
you might want to ask the Tailor if he can make you a small, sexy pair of
skimpy black leather shorts. I'll bet he can do that. But he'll probably
want to fit you in them.

"Sir, I would love to be your boy for a long weekend, if that's what you're
asking, but...Uh, am I gonna be in trouble for traveling with an officer?
Are you an NCO? "

"I am," Anton tells him. "And I'll keep you out of trouble."

"How about if I take you there as my ambassador? Then you can't get in
trouble. I have to think about this but I think the best thing will be for
me to tell the First Sergeant and see what he thinks. He would not get
upset by my field testing you out as an ambassador."

"Private Anton, permit me to ask... I feel that this could put me in
jeopardy in that I might become too familiar with you and it might make
things uncomfortable for you, you know, between us," Private Jones asked
very sincerely. "I believe that I've navigated this fairly well, even if
just for a little less than 2 days. So, How can we work this out so that
you don't become less than comfortable?"

Anton kind of glares back at Jones. "I don't know, I think that we've been
pretty open and frank between us. Perhaps I'm so comfortable with you
already that I let you speak to me very casually. I'm sure you understand
that you can't do that all the time. Look, I am your superior. Just follow
my orders and we'll both be fine. And, again, you are thinking this through
and asking the right questions. I believe that we can bend our situation a
bit anyway, because, as your superior, I have to review you on a continuing
basis. So here's what I propose. I come up to your room with you right now
and we sleep on it, and then discuss it in the morning in my office" Anton
suggests.

"Yes sir. Am I allowed to touch you?" Jones asks. "It's an order." Anton
replies sternly. Jones looks dubious. "Remember that I told you that you'll
do whatever I tell you to do? Do I need to put that in writing, boy?

"No sir, I'll take your word for it."

Private Jones asks, "So, you're in charge of this unit full of
Privates. Why do you not have a higher rank?"

"I told you that I'm sexually a sub. I'm a private because all of our
clients need to feel superior to those of us who serve them. The Military
has the very best daddy types on the planet: silver haired, tanned,
muscular men all of whom look like studs in a uniform. I crave that. I
drool over these men. And I get to serve several of these daddies. If I get
a promotion then they're not as interested in my service. You know all of
us in this unit are under 30. These guys all have daddy fixations. They all
want to serve that. Guys like you are more fun sexually, but it's the
daddies that make my day." says Anton. "Follow me? I'm okay with this as
long as I get to serve superior men."

Another Chapter coming soon....

---

Untitled (Chapter 54)

Date: Sat, 5 Oct 2024 16:09:08 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones - New Orders 6

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a multi chapter story about an Army Private who
is very engaged in kinky sex and Urination games. This is a fictional story
about adults gay men. If you aren't interested in these subjects, or this
is illegal where you live, please find another story to read.

I am a Nifty reader turned author because I've been inspired by these
stories. I definitely want Nifty to continue performing their work and
entertaining us. Please join me in contributing to Nifty $25 or $50 every
couple of months. There is a cost to the work they do. Please Support
Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/)

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments. I hope you
enjoy this story.

Kevin Jones - New Orders 6

Day 1 - 1930 (military time)

After Jones gets cleaned up and dried off, Greg grabs his arm and drags him
up to his bedroom. Kevin loves it when Greg grabs him by the head and
starts kissing him. Greg drops his right hand right on Kevin`s balls and
fondles him. " am I allowed to tell you that I love this, that I love Your
touch and your kisses?"

Greg smiles but continues to fondle Kevin`s balls, squeezing them slightly
and working his hand up to Kevin`s beefy nipples which Greg pinches gently,
first right one and then the left one. You can tell me what you like but
keep in mind that what I'm doing here with you now is training you. We can
do this whenever you like as long as you're doing it with everybody else in
the house too. This is about getting you fine-tuned and to be ready for
whatever our clients need from you. I'm gonna fuck you now to start getting
you ready to take whatever comes your way. I think you're sexy as fuck, but
the two things that don't matter at all is your feelings or my
feelings. The reason Anton stated that he chose me to fuck you is because I
have a really big dick when it's fully hard. You need to be able to take
it," Greg says softly and sweetly into Kevin`s ear "What's more is that
most of the guys here have really big dicks too. And you're gonna get
fucked by all of them. And then there's Anton. You sucked his dick. You
know how big he is. He's gonna fuck you. And then there's the First
Sergeant. He's got an enormous cock and he's gonna fuck you too before
long. I suggest that I start by opening up your butt. So lay down on the
bed. I'm told that you love to get fucked, is that true?"

"I've only been fucked a couple of times and I really loved it. I'm really
looking forward to taking your big dick. Do you know Sergeant Zelsky?"

"No, he was before my time. I've only been here less than a year. Why?"
asks Greg.

" because it was Zelsky who fucked me. He has a really big dick and I loved
it once I got past the initial pain. He was really good at it," Kevin tells
Greg.

"I know that you're telling me this because you're proud of taking Zelsky`s
big cock in your ass, but I think you need to keep your big mouth
shut. That isn't anybody's business, but yours and his. I don't mind any of
the men here in the house watching us fuck, but it is never a good idea to
talk about it afterwards unless you're looking for criticism and how you
can perform better.  Take my advice, what you just told me isn't any of my
business."

And with that, he pushed the new recruit on his back and leaned over to
kiss his loose testicles. He started to very gently lick up toward Kevin`s
growing cock. " I'm sure you know how to do this, but I want to remind you
of how it's all done in the context of seduction." Greg leaned up over
Jones's body and kissed him again. Lots of tongue, lots of looking him
directly in the eye as trying to find the hidden key in private Jones's
body. Greg took Kevin`s left nipple into his mouth and suckled on
it... Eventually, but slowly getting to the other one. He dropped down to
Kevin`s cock only licking the head, but not taking his dick into his
mouth. This is about seduction, Greg thought, not about making his sexual
partner cum in just a few minutes because he's horny. A blowjob is more
suited for that sort of thing.

Greg sits back and pulls Private Jones legs up in the air and pushes his
knees to his chest. "Hold these here. I have some work to do." Back down to
his balls, swirling them around in his mouth for a while as if to clean
them. Greg's tongue goes back to the pre-cum that's formed on Kevin's piss
slit, and he licks it off. He makes his way down to Private Jones taint
where he spends a couple of minutes glorying in what a beautiful specimen
he had on the bed beneath him. Greg's nose found its way down Kevin's
crack, encouraging his own tongue to taste the hole in front of him... Greg
separates the muscular glutes in front of them, only 3 inches from his
face. And with his fingers, he spreads the hole and spits on it. And then
he licks up his own drool as it runs down his butt crack. Kevin moans a
little bit and thinks about how much he's enjoying the attention. Greg
says, "you have a glorious asshole."  After a couple of minutes of Greg
manipulating Kevin`s Hole with his fingers, his tongue finds its way
inside. The combination of Greg's experienced fingers and his tongue
overwhelms private Jones emotions just a little bit. "Thank you Greg" but
Greg doesn't stop, he just continues to stretch and manipulate Kevin's
beautiful hole until he can slip in another finger and then a few minutes
later yet another. Private Jones is quickly happily taking the four fingers
of Greg's right hand which is gently manipulating the hole. After finger
fucking the hole for several minutes Greg pulls his fingers out for just a
moment, and Private Jones grabs Greg's right hand and pulls it up to his
mouth and kisses it. And mumbles, "I love this so much."

"Good, cause now you're gonna take the big one" I need to shoot a load in
your ass. Ready, Buddy?"  The answer was a resounding "uh huh."

"Uh, who are they?" Kevin asks, nodding his head toward the still open
door.

Greg glances over toward the door, which he left open and sees that two
beautiful familiar, naked men are standing there watching and slowly
stroking. " oh, they're okay. They came to watch the new guy get
fucked. That's what we get to do here. Anybody can watch anybody else in
the house. It's how we get better at what we do. Plus, it's a privilege to
watch hot sexy men like you get fucked or sucking dick or whatever. Hey,
we're all sex obsessed here. It's why we leave the door unlocked. Now
relax, I'm going in. "

Greg Jacks his dick a few times just to make sure that it's got lots of
blood flowing in to his large organ. Then he leans over and pushes the
meaty head up against Private Jones butt hole. And slowly enters, pushing
with just enough pressure to keep it moving inside. "You okay?" The fucker
asks. Kevin says "never better."  And with that Greg starts to move a
little faster into Kevins chute. The size of Greg's cock assures that
Kevin's prostate will enjoy contact very quickly.  And almost immediately,
Kevin starts to gasp a little and then moan and move around a little,
adjusting for the size of his new friend. Greg is quickly finding a
comfortable speed that they both enjoy. Greg leans over and, without
stopping his fuck, kisses the lover in his bed, kicking both of them into a
higher state of excitement. "Keep going," says Kevin. "Dont Stop."

But of course, it will stop in another few minutes. Both men breathing much
harder and faster until they have both shot their sexy wads all over
Private Jones chest. And then the cleanup starts: Greg leans over Kevin`s
chest and starts to lick up all of the good juice they just expelled. Kevin
plays with the spooge, rubbing it into his nipples and abdomen, glorying in
the moment.

As they both came down from their post climax high, Greg asks His partner
how that was. "It was incredible," says Kevin. "Why do you ask?"


Greg responds thoughtfully and gently, "I thought that you understood that
we always critique each other after sex about how we might have done things
better. So let me ask again, what could I have done to make that better for
you?" Greg asks Clinically.

" I might have liked it more if you tied me down," Kevin responds with a
smirk.

"Anything else?

"Yeah, Kevin says, "Are you really a sub?

"yup," says Greg. "But I think that the real question you're asking is `How
can I throw such a good fuck if I'm really a sub, am I right?"

"Yes. I think that was so sexy; you were like totally in charge all the way
through that," Kevin tells Greg.

Well, yeah, but I was in charge. Anton gave me instructions to be the
Dom. He didn't have to say the words. I knew what he wanted. I knew I was
to be training you. To stretch your hole a bit. You did good, Greg tells
him. "Anything else?"

Kevin says, "you could tell me your last name."

"Miller, Greg Miller, so here's my comment, Private Jones. Are you gonna
let me fuck you again?"

"Are you allowed to?"  Yes, remember that you're assigned to me for 3
days. But I think there's probably gonna be some other guys that are gonna
want to get their hands on you. I think we have some things to teach one
another," answered Greg Miller. " but now you have to report back to
Private Anton, and give him your critique on our fuck."

"Really?

"Yup. And I have to do the same."

---

Untitled (Chapter 55)

Date: Thu, 3 Oct 2024 13:36:49 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones - New Orders 5

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a multi chapter story about an Army Private who
is very engaged in kinky sex and Urination games. This is a fictional story
about adults gay men. If you aren't interested in these subjects, or this
is illegal where you live, please find another story to read.

I am a Nifty reader turned author because I've been inspired by these
stories. I definitely want Nifty to continue performing their work and
entertaining us. Please join me in contributing to Nifty $25 or $50 every
couple of months. There is a cost to the work they do. Please Support
Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/)

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments. I hope you
enjoy this story.

Kevin Jones - New Orders 5

Day 1

When the pizza was gone and some of the guys got up to leave. Kevin asked
Greg "what happens now?"

"Anton wants to see you in his office. Follow me." And Greg. Points to a
chair and tells private Jones to have a seat.

Anton walks in and sits down at his desk, both men still naked. " I imagine
you have some questions. I'm here to answer them."

Private Jones, still filthy with cum all over his head and chest, says, "
First of all, sir, I'm feeling very lucky to be among all of these men. Is
it always like this around here?"

Anton looks deeply and directly into private Jones's eyes. "It is like this
often. You will realize quickly that all of these men take their assignment
seriously, but also like to have fun. They are always trying to be ready
for anything that gets thrown at them. The nature of our work is that we
often don't know what's going to happen 30 minutes from now though we try
to plan for it. You never know what a client might want from you. You never
know if they're going to want to have you escort them to dinner, or if
they're going to want you for sex. Many of these command level men, who are
extraordinarily dominant in their daily positions, will want one of our
ambassadors to put them on a collar and leash and walked around on all
fours, often ending up in a rough scene, with you fucking them on the
floor. And here's the deal: you don't have the ability to say no. You never
say no. You do what they need you to do. That's why you will be
role-playing with the other men in your unit on a regular basis. Sometimes
it will be at my direction and sometimes it will be spontaneous between the
men.

"The reason everybody is naked around here is because you need to be
confident in your body. A lot of the time you will be naked with your
client, and you will need to know how to perform confidently and without
hesitation. Sometimes you will need to assume a dominant role and other
times you will need to be a sub. We do keep those notes on these senior
level men, but they can deviate from what they've done in the past. It's up
to them," Anton explains.

"Sergeant Brown told me that all the men are Subs. I don't have much
experience with that, but you don't seem like a sub to me," says Jones.

"Yeah, but I am, "Anton Explained. "I love to serve. I suppose that's why
I'm in the Army. But there are loads of good examples of men who aren't
Dominant who run big companies. Sometimes you'll hear one say, `I'm in
charge all day every day at work, but when I get home I just want to be
somebody's boy.' It happens a lot.  But sometimes I have to step up and be
the leader of our unit, no matter how I feel about it. And somebody has to
be the Dom when we're doing role play exercises. How else can we get that
experience? Tell you what, one day when you are feeling like stepping into
the Dominant role, I will submit to you. Then you'll see the real me. But,
Private, we need to have experience tying up a man once in a while so that
you can know what to do when the time comes with a client."

"It's also important to train you on how to be a good secretary for our
visitors too, how to make appointments, reservations. How to organize a
grand car and be a driver when it's required. And how to have the most
perfectly trained bodies that we can offer. You need to know how to mix a
good drink. You need to be a great host and remember, you don't ever get to
say no. What other questions?"

" Who is it that I can't say no to?" asks Jones.

" you can't say no to me or the first sergeant, or to anyone we've assigned
you to, or to any of the men in this unit. This is all about training and
being ready. You will be readied for increasingly kinky service by the
other ambassadors and your senior officers. I'm sure that you are fully
aware that the men surrounding you in this house are very fit and very
sexy. They all have big dicks and big muscles, and you are going to fit
right into this group. You're going to make us proud. Actually, Private
Jones, I think you did really good tonight. You're a good cocksucker. You
took piss on command, which is a very common request by our senior clients
these days, and you are seemingly willing to take direction without
question. So you will get hit on often, most likely as part of some
training. Sometimes multiple times a day. And you will be ready. And you
will not say no.

"Who's going to train me in the gym?"

Anton explains, "at 0600 we all gather in the kitchen come right outside my
door, and we will get you set up on a course of supplements. I will also
set you up with a schedule of trainers. You will work out six days a week,
two hours a day. Your body is already fit and healthy, but you're going to
get bigger muscles. You met Greg, he's one of our trainers."

Jones says, "what about things like secretarial services? I don't know how
to do that."  Anton explains that it will be taken care of. "You'll spend
some time in the First Sergent's office. His Corporal will actually take
care of most appointment and secretarial duties. You will be working
through them, BUT, you will have to be extremely accurate with your
requests. We don't have time to correct your mistakes. Our contact over
there is Corporal Tom Lansford. He will show you what you will have to do
and how to coordinate with his office. Occasionally he'll direct you to
take care of it yourself.

"I'm assigning you to Greg for the next three days to continue your
training." Anton, not getting up from his desk, yells out, "Greg... Get in
here." 10 seconds later, Greg walks into Anton`s smallish office, "yes
sir?"

"I want you to get private Jones here into our system. We had our little
welcoming party this evening, but now we have to get down to
business. Tomorrow morning, he needs to get fitted for gym clothes, and
dress uniform, he needs to do a workout in the Big Gym, you'll train
him. He needs to get his fingerprint registered in the system so that he
can come and go, he needs to begin to fit into the nutritional program. I
want you to get him set on all of that. But right now I want you to take
him up to your room and fuck him hard with that big dick of yours. He needs
to get used to that. All right boys?"

"Yes sir. On it" Greg responds. And they leave Anton's office and head for
the showers.

" I'm going to wash you down. All that cum on your face needs to be washed
off." Kevin fully complies with any instructions Greg gives him. The warm
shower pouring over them, Greg puts his arms around Kevin and kisses him on
the lips... Jones realizes that he hast to accept the semi-public nature of
this household and that whatever happens almost any of the men can see
it. He's not used to that. Kevin accepts the advances and gets fully into
the lip lock, responding to Greg's hands rubbing his ass and rinsing out
his butt, spreading his crack and rubbing his fingers up and down Kevin's
most private parts. "You're gonna have to get used to the men watching
you. you're the new guy and they all want to get a piece of you. And they
will all get their piece of you eventually," says Greg.

Just then, a very beautiful young naked Hispanic man sees the new guy being
fondled by Greg in the shower, so the man walks around to the opening of
the shower room and says, "so this is the new recruit? I'd like you to
introduce me to him."

"Get on your knees, Private Jones, and open your mouth," Greg orders
him. Kevin drops to his knees. The darker muscleman step forward and starts
pissing into the new recruit's mouth. "Private Kevin Jones, this is Arnoldo
Garcia, one of our ambassadors."

And while continuing to piss in private Jones open mouth, Arnoldo says,
"Very pleased to meet you Jones."

Once Arnoldo is empty, Greg pulls Kevin up to a standing position and
plants a very big kiss on his mouth. Kevin shows Little emotion, other than
to except the strong kiss from his new Friend. Arnoldo says, " hey, I want
some of that too." And grabs Kevin's head and plants a big kiss on his
mouth. "Hey, what are you guys up to now?"

" Anton ordered me to take the new recruit upstairs and fuck him. So that's
what we need to do right now. We'll see you at breakfast tomorrow."Greg
forcefully took Kevin by the arm and ushered him to the shower.

Private Garcia wasn't too thrilled with that answer. He didn't expect to be
rejected, after all nobody here can say no. That is, unless there are prior
orders from a superior to the contrary. Anton ordered Greg to bust Private
Jones ass and he was going to do as ordered, and besides, that's really
what he wanted to do anyway.

---

Untitled (Chapter 56)

Date: Wed, 2 Oct 2024 14:25:06 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 4

      Kevin Jones - New Orders is a multi chapter story about an
      Army Private who is very engaged in kinky sex and Urination
      games. This is a fictional story about adults gay men. If you
      aren't interested in these subjects, or this is illegal where
      you live, please find another story to read.
      I am a Nifty reader turned author because I've been inspired
      by these stories. I definitely want Nifty to continue
      performing their work and entertaining us. Please join me in
      contributing to Nifty $25 or $50 every couple of  months.
      There is a cost to the work they do. Please Support
      Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/)

      All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
      SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your
      comments. I hope you enjoy this story.

      Kevin Jones - New Orders 4

      Day 1  When the pizza was gone and some of the guys got up to
      leave. Kevin asked Greg "what happens now?"
      "Anton wants to see you in his office. Follow me." And
      Greg. Points to a chair and tells private Jones to have a
      seat.
      Anton walks in and sits down at his desk, both men still
      naked. " I imagine you have some questions. I'm here to
      answer them."
      Private Jones, still filthy with cum all over his head and
      chest, says, " First of all, sir, I'm feeling very lucky to
      be among all of these men. Is it always like this around
      here?"
      Anton looks deeply and directly into private Jones's eyes.
      "It is like this often. You will realize quickly that all of
      these men take their assignment seriously, but also like to
      have fun. They are always trying to be ready for anything
      that gets thrown at them. The nature of our work is that we
      often don't know what's going to happen 30 minutes from now
      though we try to plan for it. You never know what a client
      might want from you. You never know if they're going to want
      to have you escort them to dinner, or if they're going to
      want you for sex. Many of these command level men, who are
      extraordinarily dominant in their daily positions, will want
      one of our ambassadors to put them on a collar and leash and
      walked around on all fours, often ending up in a rough scene,
      with you fucking them on the floor. And here's the deal: you
      don't have the ability to say no. You never say no. You do
      what they need you to do. That's why you will be
      role-playing with the other men in your unit on a regular
      basis. Sometimes it will be at my direction and sometimes it
      will be spontaneous between the men.
      "The reason everybody is naked around here is because you
      need to be confident in your body. A lot of the time you will
      be naked with your client, and you will need to know how to
      perform confidently and without hesitation. Sometimes you
      will need to assume a dominant role and other times you will
      need to be a sub. We do keep those notes on these senior
      level men, but they can deviate from what they've done in
      the past. It's up to them," Anton explains.
      "Sergeant Brown told me that all the men are Subs. I don't
      have much experience with that, but you don't seem like a
      sub to me," says Jones.
      "Yeah, but I am, "Anton Explained. "I love to serve. I
      suppose that's why I'm in the Army. But there are loads of
      good examples of men who aren't Dominant who run big
      companies. Sometimes you'll hear one say, `I'm in charge
      all day every day at work, but when I get home I just want to
      be somebody's boy.' It happens a lot.  But sometimes I have
      to step up and be the leader of our unit, no matter how I
      feel about it. And somebody has to be the Dom when we're
      doing role play exercises. How else can we get that
      experience? Tell you what, one day when you are feeling like
      stepping into the Dominant role, I will submit to you. Then
      you'll see the real me. But, Private, we need to have
      experience tying up a man once in a while so that you can
      know what to do when the time comes with a client."
      "It's also important to train you on how to be a good
      secretary for our visitors too, how to make appointments,
      reservations. How to organize a grand car and be a driver
      when it's required. And how to have the most perfectly
      trained bodies that we can offer. You need to know how to mix
      a good drink. You need to be a great host and remember, you
      don't ever get to say no. What other questions?"
      " Who is it that I can't say no to?" asks Jones.
      " you can't say no to me or the first sergeant, or to
      anyone we've assigned you to, or to any of the men in this
      unit. This is all about training and being ready. You will be
      readied for increasingly kinky service by the other
      ambassadors and your senior officers. I'm sure that you are
      fully aware that the men surrounding you in this house are
      very fit and very sexy. They all have big dicks and big
      muscles, and you are going to fit right into this group.
      You're going to make us proud. Actually, Private Jones, I
      think you did really good tonight. You're a good cocksucker.
      You took piss on command, which is a very common request by
      our senior clients these days, and you are seemingly willing
      to take direction without question. So you will get hit on
      often, most likely as part of some training. Sometimes
      multiple times a day. And you will be ready. And you will not
      say no.   "Who's going to train me in the gym?"
      Anton explains, "at 0600 we all gather in the kitchen come
      right outside my door, and we will get you set up on a course
      of supplements. I will also set you up with a schedule of
      trainers. You will work out six days a week, two hours a day.
      Your body is already fit and healthy, but you're going to
      get bigger muscles. You met Greg, he's one of our
      trainers."
      Jones says, "what about things like secretarial services? I
      don't know how to do that."  Anton explains that it will be
      taken care of. "You'll spend some time in the First
      Sergent's office. His Corporal will actually take care of
      most appointment and secretarial duties. You will be working
      through them, BUT, you will have to be extremely accurate
      with your requests. We don't have time to correct your
      mistakes. Our contact over there is Corporal Tom Lansford. He
      will show you what you will have to do and how to coordinate
      with his office. Occasionally he'll direct you to take care
      of it yourself.
      "I'm assigning you to Greg for the next three days to
      continue your training." Anton, not getting up from his
      desk, yells out, "Greg... Get in here." 10 seconds later,
      Greg walks into Anton`s smallish office, "yes sir?"
      "I want you to get private Jones here into our system. We
      had our little welcoming party this evening, but now we have
      to get down to business. Tomorrow morning, he needs to get
      fitted for gym clothes, and dress uniform, he needs to do a
      workout in the Big Gym, you'll train him. He needs to get
      his fingerprint registered in the system so that he can come
      and go, he needs to begin to fit into the nutritional
      program. I want you to get him  set on all of that. But right
      now I want you to take him up to your room and fuck him hard
      with that big dick of yours. He needs to get used to that.
      All right boys?"
      "Yes sir. On it" Greg responds. And they leave Anton's
      office and head for the showers.   " I'm going to wash you
      down. All that cum on your face needs to be washed off."
      Kevin fully complies with any instructions Greg gives him.
      The warm shower pouring over them, Greg puts his arms around
      Kevin and kisses him on the lips... Jones realizes that he
      hast to accept the semi-public nature of this household and
      that whatever happens almost any of the men can see it. He's
      not used to that. Kevin accepts the advances and gets fully
      into the lip lock, responding to Greg's hands rubbing his
      ass and rinsing out his butt, spreading his crack and rubbing
      his fingers up and down Kevin's most private parts.
      "You're gonna have to get used to the men watching you.
      you're the new guy and they all want to get a piece of you.
      And they will all get their piece of you eventually," says
      Greg.
      Just then, a very beautiful young naked Hispanic man sees the
      new guy being fondled by Greg in the shower, so the man walks
      around to the opening of the shower room and says, "so this
      is the new recruit? I'd like you to introduce me to him."
      "Get on your knees, Private Jones, and open your mouth,"
      Greg orders him. Kevin drops to his knees. The darker
      muscleman step forward and starts pissing into the new
      recruit's mouth. "Private Kevin Jones, this is Arnoldo
      Garcia, one of our ambassadors."
      And while continuing to piss in private Jones open mouth,
      Arnoldo says, "Very pleased to meet you Jones."   Once
      Arnoldo is empty, Greg pulls Kevin up to a standing position
      and plants a very big kiss on his mouth. Kevin shows Little
      emotion, other than to except the strong kiss from his new
      Friend. Arnoldo says, " hey, I want some of that too." And
      grabs Kevin's head and plants a big kiss on his mouth.
      "Hey, what are you guys up to now?"
      " Anton ordered me to take the new recruit upstairs and fuck
      him. So that's what we need to do right now. We'll see you
      at breakfast tomorrow."Greg forcefully took Kevin by the arm
      and ushered him to the shower.  Private Garcia wasn't too
      thrilled with that answer. He didn't expect to be rejected,
      after all nobody here can say no. That is, unless there are
      prior orders from a superior to the contrary. Anton ordered
      Greg to bust Private Jones ass and he was going to do as
      ordered, and besides, that's really what he wanted to do
      anyway.

---

Untitled (Chapter 57)

Date: Fri, 27 Sep 2024 11:09:42 -0700
From: Russell Palmer
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 3

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a multi chapter story about an Army Private who
is very engaged in kinky sex and Urination games. This is a fictional story
about adults gay men. If you aren't interested in these subjects, or this
is illegal where you live, please find another story to read.

I am a Nifty reader turned author because I've been inspired by these
stories. I definitely want Nifty to continue performing their work and
entertaining us. Please join me in contributing to Nifty $25 or $50 every
couple of months. There is a cost to the work they do. Please Support
Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/)

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I'm at
SgtEvans44@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing your comments. I hope you
enjoy this story.

_____________________________

Kevin Jones - New Orders 3

Day 1

Private first class, William Anton, escorting private Kevin Jones out of
the first sergeants command office, heading toward the house of the
ambassadors. " You need to be briefed on our operations. Listen
carefully. Our unit is special. Our ambassadors help our command to reward
army brass and other dignitaries who need to be recognized. You know `thank
you for your service'. You will be part of that. The first thing that you
have to know is that everything that we do is kept secret, by you and by
the other ambassadors. Not even everybody here needs to know what your
assignments are. Only Me and the First Sergeant and his Corporal know the
details. And if you don't know who should know what then you probably need
to keep your mouth shut. That's a good policy in the military anyway. We
keep notes on each of our notable guests so that we can make their lives
easier and more comfortable. And the files are written in code so that We
know what they want and what they like before they have to tell us. I will
teach you this code. It is not to be discussed, even in the sense that
these notes exist. Only the ambassador's know the code and that these notes
exist.

As the two men continue walking toward Private Anton's office he begins
familiarizing the facility to Kevin.This building over here on the right is
the regular base gym. It has some equipment that you will need to use, the
Bigger weights. But often, our team uses the smaller more specialized gym
immediately next to our house. Nobody knows about our little gym except for
us. Nobody else is allowed to work out there. You'll understand when you
see the setup. They continue walking toward the House. Private Jones with
his Duffle and backpack in tow.

"We need to get you some new temporary clothes for you to wear for the next
few weeks. But you will become much more muscular in short order and you
will need some special clothing that will fit you perfectly. You need to
always look your best. So we will have a Tailor come by to take your
measurements tomorrow morning. Right now we're headed over to the gym and
then over to your new quarters. Any questions?"

As these two men continue to walk down a concrete pathway, private Kevin
Jones asks, " What is the answer when somebody asks me what my function is
on the base?"

Anton says "that's a really good question. It shows me that you are good at
anticipating situations. You will be given an ID and it will say, Private,
Kevin Jones, Intelligence Corps.  That will make any inquisitors respect
the fact that you can't discuss it. If anyone were to press you further,
you would direct them to first sergeant Tyrone Brown's office. And that's
what you have to stick with. That is, by the way, the same goes for all of
the other ambassadors that you're about to meet. It is why you will get
along with all of these other men in the same position as you. They will
protect you and you will protect them. This is a cooperative operation. We
train each other. You are about to meet some of them now. This is your new
home, at least for the next month." Anton steps ahead of Kevin and displays
his thumb to a camera mounted on the door frame. The door unlocks and the
two men step inside. " I am gonna have to get your thumb put in the
database so you can get in." They step into what feels like a cozy, but
elegant hotel room. Each of the rooms for the ambassadors has a very small
kitchenette and a queen size bed. A Small closet and a toilet and a small
shower. There are two levels of ten bedrooms.

Kevin thinks to himself that it feels a little like a fraternity house, but
keeps the comment to himself. He doesn't even know what might be considered
controversial or offensive.

Private Anton runs into one of the residents, " Hey Private Miller, this is
Private Kevin Jones, he's a new recruit to our unit. Going to be
training. I thought I'd introduce him to the guys. Where is everybody?"

Greg Miller says, "a couple of the guys are in the gym, a couple of guys
are in the big shower cleaning out, and two or three of the guys are in the
master bedroom working on some new techniques. Can I help get Kevin
settled?"

" Sure. Take him up to Apartment 14 so he can drop his things. Show him
around and then we'll do some initial clean out and light play in order to
get his brain wrapped around his new function. He'll get introduced to the
men. We'll make it a bit casual so as not to be too intimidating. I'll get
some pizzas for us all... maybe grab some beers."

Greg says, "need a hand with that?" "Nah", replies Kevin. "Got it".  At the
end of the wide staircase Greg shows Kevin his room. "There are no locks on
these rooms?"  Greg explains that these are not really private rooms and
that there are safes downstairs in the office if necessary. "There really
is no privacy between those of us who live here. Fuck, half the time the
guys are naked, but it certainly is a couple of steps above a cot in a
Quonset hut."

"Who's in charge here, if you don't mind my asking, Greg?" And Greg
realizes that Kevin doesn't yet really grasp where he is, or what he
knows....

"well, private first class William Anton is usually in charge, when he's
here. And when he's on assignment, he will leave one of us in charge, but
right now he's expecting me to get you warmed up for some training. Take
off your clothes." Private Jones is a little surprised at that
direction. But he does as he's told. He strips out of his fatigues and
boots, looking at Greg who is Barefoot himself and wearing only a tank top
and a pair of rather tight shorts... Commando! `The man looks good,' Kevin
things to himself. "Follow me" I need to duck in my room, and he waves
private Jones into his room. He takes off his shorts and shirt and fold
them up like a good military boy should do. He turns around and grabs Kevin
Jones by the head and kisses him. First kiss is just on the lips and the
second kiss is with major tongue.  Kevin probably blushes a little. Greg
says, "you are so fucking sexy." With that, Kevin starts to grow a Boner.

"Come on, I'm gonna clean you out. Follow me. I think we should shower. You
still smell like a Greyhound Bus." And with that they go around the corner
into the large bathroom. There are five showerheads built-in to a large
glass shower enclosure. There are also two water retractable hoses down at
knee level.

"May I ask what these are for?"

"You may notice that they have retractable hoses, each of these hoses is
for washing out your ass, so it doesn't smell or taste awful. And when
you're done using one of these either on somebody else or yourself, you
need to take a squirt of the, anti-bacteria and wash the head out in your
hand. And then you turn the hot water all the way up to make sure that you
get all the remnants out. We have to be super sanitary here. Have you ever
douched out that hot muscle ass?"  "Once before." "It would be my honor to
do this for you. May I?"

Greg's kindness did not escape Kevin. ` Not only is he attentive, but he
has a great touch and kisses great. A hot Blond boy. Kevin says, "I was
told by the First Sergeant that all the members of the team are subs.  Are
you a Sub?

"Sexually we are all subs but we have to be assertive when it comes to
getting things accomplished. We're all about role play. Sometimes the men
will get very Dom for the sake of the scene.

Greg teaches Kevin how to use the shower hose equipment and clean out the
residue. But Kevin knows that he needs to return the favor. "Can I do you?"

"I thought you'd never ask"

Private Anton, walks into the room, completely naked himself now. He
showers and grabs another white towel, and he directs Greg to bring Kevin
into the master bedroom. The master bedroom is much larger than the
individual bedrooms and has a California king size bed to accommodate
multiple men. But the white laminated floor in the bedroom is a
continuation of the big bathroom it adjoins. It's all one big spacious
room. It's built this way so that mistakes can be mopped into the drain
easily.

Anton instructs private Jones to get down onto his knees in front of his
new friend Greg. "Lick his balls... and when his dick is hard, you're gonna
suck it." Jones did his best to be a great cocksucker for his newest
friend. Greg got hard quickly and was completely enjoying the BJ when Anton
walked over and stood beside Greg and took over Kevin Jones sucking
face. Anton`s dick was quickly at full staff. He was impressed with private
Jones blowjob. He let him proceed, telling him that he was doing a really
excellent job and noted the sucker's enthusiasm. "Though you will get
trained and you'll get better at this." Private Kevin Jones was impressed
at the size of these men's stiff erections. Jones kept going
back-and-forth, sucking on each of these large cocks, as he was directed
to.

"Greg, tell Kevin what's gonna happen while I go find some guys," says
Anton.

"Private Jones: Listen, but don't stop sucking my dick yet." Whispering,
Greg says "We have a fun little ritual when a new guy comes into our
unit. Just go along with it, you'll probably enjoy it. Let's go into the
Shower."

Private William Anton, walked over to the hallway and said loudly, "come on
in men." And five more smiling sexier than fuck naked men walked in to the
Shower room where Kevin was on his knees... And the men started making some
hazing kinds of comments like, "hey, what is the guy have to do to get a
blowjob around here?" And "lick my Balls". Anton was in charge of the group
and Jones was in absolute heaven waiting in anticipation not really knowing
what was next. Anton says, "Private Jones, I want you to meet some of our
team here. You will be sucking their dicks and balls, one after the
other. Taking this order seriously Private Jones begins, sucking one guy
after another, 20 seconds at a time and moving to the next. Of course, at
this point, not being instantly satisfied after only 8 minutes of oral
play, Anton gave them the signal to go ahead and jack off onto Jones face
shooting mostly in his mouth.  Jones loved it. He'd never done that before,
only seeing it in porn movies. They all stood around touching Jones face
and body, smearing their DNA into his face, neck and chest. The next
direction came quietly from Anton.

"Jones! Put your head back and open your mouth." And with that Anton
released a bladder full of piss onto his head with the other men
watching. "Drink it boy, swallow it all" and as Anton finished, the next
guy stepped into place and started to piss down Private Kevin Jones's
throat. "This is David White, one of our ambassadors. Meet Private Kevin
Jones." When he'd tapped out the next guy took his place. "this is Owen
West, meet Private Kevin Jones... drink it all Kevin. You don't want to
give these guys a bad impression of what you can do, do we sub boy? Swallow
it all."... and so it went until they had all finished pissing down his
throat, he was lifted into a standing position and French kissed by
everyone of the men who had just fed him their piss. "That was so fucking
hot. It's so hot when a new guy is able to take this many of us in the
initiation round, " said one of the men.

Kevin said, "can we do that again? I think I can do better." Lots of
chuckles and smiles from the men.

All the naked men, walked with Jones into the Family room, patting him on
the back and telling him how great it is to bring him into the unit.

"Private Jones, you weren't able to meet all of the gentlemen in our
unit. Some of them are busy with other assignments at the moment. You will
need to take it upon yourself to introduce yourself to the men in much the
same way that you were introduced here this evening. We all need to get to
know you and you need to get to know all the men here, so that we can learn
how we can depend on each other," says Anton...."we have Pizza and beer in
the Family room. Let's go eat.

---

Untitled (Chapter 58)

Date: Sun, 22 Sep 2024 16:48:41 +0000
From: SgtEvans
Subject: Kevin Jones New Orders 2

Kevin Jones - New Orders 2 is a multi chapter story about an Army Private
who is very engaged in kinky sex and piss games. This is a fictional
story about adults gay men. If you aren't interested in these subjects,
or this is illegal where you live, please find another story to read.
I am a Nifty reader turned author because I've been inspired by these
stories. I definitely want Nifty to continue performing their work and
entertaining us. Please join me in contributing to Nifty $25 or $50 every
couple of  months. There is a cost to the work they do. Please Support
Nifty.org: https://donate.nifty.org/

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I look forward to
hearing your comments. I hope you enjoy this story.


Kevin Jones - New Orders 2
Day 1  1420
"Sergeant Zelsky told me That I should come see you. Sir... I'm at a
little disadvantage, stammers Private Jones, "I am very pleased to meet
you, sir, but I am not entirely sure if I am speaking to you personally
or as my commanding officer."
"Actually Private Jones, potentially you're speaking to me about both
of these things.. at ease, soldier. Let me explain... We're going to be
chatting for a short while so I invite you to have a seat. "Kevin is
directed to sit down across the desk from the first sergeant. "Normally
I'm not so informal, but Sergeant Zelsky gave you quite the referral.
But, you have some choices to make. You can certainly choose to proceed
on as a typical private... Or, you may choose to be part of my elite group
of soldiers. Let me explain, I have a small group of soldiers who are
like my ambassadors for me to be able to do favors for certain military
brass when they visit our base. They become personal assistants to these
visiting brass military men when they travel out this way, to make their
travels more enjoyable and to help them take care of business when
they're away from home. They come for military drills, they come as
military dignitaries, they come out for all kinds of technical reasons.
And when they get here, they like to have a trained assistant to help
them out."
"these men acting as assistants are trained in many ways. But they need
to be excellent example of an Army man," the first Sergeant slows his
speech deliberately so that Jones comprehends the importance of what
he's saying. "And these men are muscular, presentable, men who can make
things work, sometimes make appointments, sometimes accompany one of the
brass to a dinner. Sometimes even in their quarters after dinner. You
were referred to me by Sergeant Zelsky because he knows what this program
is all about. He says that you would be really an exceptional ambassador
as one of my boys.  Are you following me, boy?"
" I... I think I am, but I am not certain about my qualifications. I
thought I was just supposed to serve you."
"I think it's more about your willingness to learn and explore than
your school qualifications. Zelsky tells me that you`re Really into
servicing your superiors. In fact, he says that you're a great fuck. He
says that you are a natural for my program. And, yes, you will be serving
me. But you becoming one of my ambassadors IS serving me. Do you want to
serve me, Private?
Kevin thinks that he'd better tread softly here, though it's beginning
to sink in. "Sir, what would you need me to do?"
The first sergeant answers, " I need for you to be one of my boys. I
want you to become one of my team of subs. Sub boys make the best
ambassadors for my program." Are you a sub boy, Kevin?"
Kevin answers slowly, " I guess so. I certainly would do anything for
Sergeant Zelsky. Does that qualify me?"
"Actually, it does. Zelsky worked in my program. He trained Anton. I
want you to work with private Anton for the next month and then I'll
make my decision, that is, if you want to go forward with the proposed
assignment". Usually we go through a lot more of an interviewing
process, but Sgt Zelsky's recommendation and his enumeration of your
assets makes my choice much easier.
"I think I'd like to know more about it Sir. My gut tells me that
you're giving me an opportunity and I'd be a fool to pass on it,"
Private Jones responds.
"Okay then," First Sergeant Tyrone Browne picks up the phone on his
desk and tells the corporal outside of his office to "send in Private
First Class William Anton."
Not more than 20 seconds later the door opens and Private Anton enters.
 "At ease Private. Have a seat. I've just been telling our new recruit
here about what it is we do. And while you know why he's here, what you
may not know is that it was Sergeant Zelsky who sent this boy to us. Had
a very positive review of his skills. So we know that he's a very
capable new recruit. And you're gonna train him...The full training,
Private Anton. I'm giving him a month in the program. And then we'll
review his progress.
"Private Jones, we know that you love getting fucked. We know that you
love to suck dick. We know that you like to service men. Actually, we
know that you're a sub boy. Private First Class William Anton here is
going to train you. He's going to put you through a training course that
will involve extensive gym training and will get you settled in the house
we keep for the ambassadors. The house only has 12 to 15 men in it at any
given time typically. You need to get along with these other men, they
will help you. Private Anton Will introduce you around and set your
training schedule, which starts now. Now, private Jones, if you want to
pull out at the end of a month, nothing will be held against you. If you
wish to proceed, and you pass our expectations of excellence, you will
continue in the program. If you have more questions, and you will, direct
them to Private Anton. Dismissed, Gentlemen."
Private Jones jumps up and joins private Anton in their salute to the
very handsome First Sergeant, Tyrone Brown. They quickly leave Brown's
office.
"Did you understand everything that the first sergeant told you in
 there?""I think I did. I think I'm excited about it", Kevin replys.
Anton snapped back, " I didn't ask you if you were excited about it.
You need to listen carefully. You need to be precise in the things that
you say and do.  I'm gonna be training you for the next month and,
believe me when I tell you I'm gonna own every piece of your ass.
You're gonna do exactly what I tell you. It might be fun. You might even
like it. Based on Zelsky`s referral, I think you'll probably like it a
lot, but it isn't up to you to like it or dislike it. You will do
exactly as I tell you. Not only are you beneath me in rank, but I am now
your Dom and the First Sergeant is your fucking Master. And Kevin Jones,
you are my slave in training. Understand?"
"Yes sir"
Chapter 3 coming soon

---

Untitled (Chapter 59)

Date: Thu, 12 Sep 2024 00:16:44 +0000
From: SgtEvans
Subject: Kevin Jones - New Orders

Kevin Jones - New Orders is a multi chapter story about an Army Private
who is very engaged in kinky sex and piss games. This is a fictional
story about adults gay men. If you aren't interested in these subjects,
please find another story to read.

I am a Nifty reader turned author because I've been inspired by these
stories. I definitely want Nifty to continue performing their work and
entertaining us. Please join me in contributing to Nifty $25 or $50 every
few months. There is a cost to the work they do. Please Support
Nifty.org.

All rights to this story are retained by the author. I look forward to
hearing your comments. I hope you enjoy this story.

Please donate to the Nifty Archive to ensure that stories like this
are available.
https://donate.nifty.org/


Kevin Jones - New Orders 1


Kevin Jones, New Orders,

It is said that the Army will change you.  Kevin Jones was certainly
changed.  In May, when he reported to basic training, he was an aimless
eighteen-year-old.  By October when he finished supply school, he was a
different person.  He was a soldier, respectful of authority, and committed
to do his best for his country and whatever it needed him to do.

Kevin changed personally as well.  When he arrived at basic, he was a
cocksucker, a dick worshipper, who loved to lick and suck on a real man's
cock.  As he leaves, he is an eager and committed bottom.  This
transformation was the result of the training of Sergeant Zelsky. This
story and the characters were born in "The New Army Recruit," a story of
fiction which appears in the Military Section of Nifty.

It began when Private Jones and Sergeant Zelsky found themselves alone in
the barrack's shower.  Zelsky was large, muscular, and strong with a
magnificent cock hanging between his legs, large even in its flaccid state.
The sergeant could not resist Kevin's offer of a blowjob, which was
repeated twice more in the sergeant's room that week.

It was on a weekend off base when Zelsky and his Army pal, Sergeant
Johnson, first penetrated Kevin's hole, again and again.  Other weekends
followed, and Kevin's transformation progressed.  Soon the private hungered
for the sergeant's monster cock.  Then it happened.  Jones was on his back
with his arms around the muscled body of Zelsky.  The sergeant's hips moved
like a piston, working Zelsky's dick back and forth in Kevin's bottom.
Kevin gripped Zelsky's body tightly and cum shot from his own dick.  It was
a hands-free climax.  Zelsky had fucked him to climax.  Kevin knew then he
was meant to be a bottom, to accept men's hard dicks, to bring men to
pleasure with his body.

When Kevin finished supply school and received his orders for a new
assignment, his sergeant showed him a picture and said "This is Sergeant
Major Tyrone Brown.  He is at Tooele Army Depot, where you are going.  We
are old friends.  I have told him about you. He has an awesome dick.  I've
seen him use it.  He is looking forward to showing it to you."

Now the story continues as,

"Kevin Jones - New Orders" Chapter 1


Kevin Jones made his way to the bus station so that he could report into
his new assignment in Utah. Filled with apprehension, he was also decidedly
excited at the prospect of having Sargent Tyrone Brown, to help guide him
on his military journey.  Kevin had never been to Utah. The only thing he
knew is that his new home? was on the outskirts of Salt Lake City. Part of
his apprehension was that he was going to live in an area so heavily
populated by Mormons, who were reportedly anti-homo.  Kevin was enjoying
his newfound sexual discipline., He was wondering how he would make contact
with Sergeant Tyrone Brown, his new Superior officer.

When Kevin reached the Salt Lake City bus station, he departed. His trip
had been fairly uneventful, except for some very handsome bus passengers,
but he was only one of two wearing military fatigues on the bus. As he
exited the bus, he was approached by a Private First Class, William Anton,
very in shape, good looking man who displayed his uniform handsomely. "I
have orders from the first sergeant to transport you to base".

"Any additional information I need to have"?

"Not until you speak with the First Sergeant. "

"Do you know where I will be housed?"

"That will be assigned after you speak with the first sergeant, " private
Anton replied with a smirk. " your balls are in his hands. Have you had
anything to eat in the last 12 hours?"

"No, I would love something."

" We'll stop and get you a burger on the way to the base." With that
private Anton got in the drivers side of a relatively new four-door Toyota
replete with Army Identification Decals on the windshield. Kevin opened the
back door and stashed his Duffle and backpack, hopped in the passenger side
feeling happy about being taken care of by this handsome driver.

They got to a small restaurant and went inside, grabbing two stools at the
counter. " you're gonna have to eat quick, the first sergeant is expecting
you."

"Anything you can tell me about what I'll be involved in?"

Again, the private First Class answered with a little bit of a smirk on his
face. "The 1st sergeant oversees the training assistants for the Army
brass. That is, If you are to be accepted into First Sergeant Brown's
Program.  You really are going to have to ask the first sergeant when you
meet him. "

"When will I meet him?" asks Private Jones.

"He's a very busy man, but I know that he wants to meet with you as soon as
you arrive.  He's kind of waiting for you."

I finished wolfing down my hamburger, and a coffee, we got back into the
late model Toyota Sedan and proceeded. Anton got us onto the base and pull
up in front of a military office that looked more like a Quanset hut than
the office of a First Sergeant.  We walk up a few stairs and open the
door. "Sit here" Anton says as he enters another office behind the next
door. I can hear him say "is the first sergeant ready for his interviewee?"
Just as the door closes behind him.

I wait. And then I wait for another half hour and soon I have waited for
almost 2 hours before the first sergeant office staff Corporal comes
out. 'Good thing I got to eat' Kevin thinks silently. Anton tells me that
the first sergeant will see me now.  I get up and walk toward the door and
I'm immediately told to wait. The corporal enters the first sergeant office
chambers and says private Kevin Jones to see you. And then the corporal
waves me in. I walk in and stand in front of very spectacular first
sergeant, Tyrone Brown. I am nervous and excited. I know that he knows me
from Sergeant Zelsky at Fort Bragg.  Sergeant Zelsjy had sent my new first
sergeant my pictures he'd taken back at the hotel room. He knew exactly who
I was. He had me at a disadvantage. The only thing I knew is that he had a
huge dick and he knew how to use it.

" at ease private..." I've heard some good things about you, boy. And I'd
like to know more. Tell me about yourself Private.....