Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Mon, 1 Jul 2002 16:21:28 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: THE MARINE NEXT DOOR 15

Disclaimer: This is just a story. And it's about a Marine - actually
several Marines. None of them are real one, of course. Kind of a melding of
a lot of Marine's I've had the honor to have known in my life. Any
resemblance to any actual Marine is purely coincidence - but if there is, I
do wish he'd write me! Anyway, you know the drill, if you don't like sex
between males, what are you doing here? And if your Country, State,
Province, City, Town or Village won't let you read this kind of stuff -
MOVE!!! Somewhere where you can!

This story is dedicated to my friend PUP, who just LOVES Marines and
stories about them. I hope he loves this one. And I kind of hope it would
come true for him.

This is the final part of the story. Brian returns to narrate.

THE MARINE NEXT DOOR - Part 15
by RimPig (c) 2002

The adjustment to having Scott around was much less difficult than I
expected. I suppose some of that came from the fact that Ty and I were
close enough to him in age to remember what life had been like for us at 16
and beyond. Of course, neither Ty or I had gone through anything like Scott
had endured. It had matured him in some ways. It has also scarred him in
others. He still found it very hard to be around 'straight' people or
people he didn't know. I knew that he still had fears of anyone finding out
that he was HIV+ or worse, finding out what he had been involved with when
he was infected.

Ty and I talked with him about a lot of things in his life, but for that
area in his past, he seemed to find comfort from only two people - Jason
and my mother. Scott's relationship with my mother was the most interesting
of all. Despite her claiming to be "grandmother", it felt much more like I
had acquired a younger brother! Scott seemed to see my mother as a
substitute for his own rejecting one. I certainly didn't mind! I loved
Scott and the fact that he found what he needed in my Mom couldn't have
made me happier. And she, on the other hand, seemed to relish the
relationship with him! I think that 'once a mother - always a mother' was a
very apt saying in this instance.

Jason, on the other hand, grew closer to Ty. He seemed to really look up to
Ty as a role model and Ty eagerly took the young Marine 'under his
wing'. Jason was also working in the same motor pool that Ty, Domingo and
Tim had worked in when they were Marines. The four of them spent a lot of
time together and it didn't surprise me when one night, when Scott and
Jason had gone out to a movie and Ty and I were just sitting and talking,
that he told me that he, Domingo and Tim had offered to bring Jason into
their auto repair business when he left the Marine Corps.

"How long until his enlistment is up now?" I asked.

"You're not going to believe this - two months!" Ty said.

"It's been that long already! I can't believe it! And you didn't think
Jason and Scott would last this long - did you?!" I poked him in the ribs.

"Oww! I didn't say that! I just thought they were a little young to be
making that type of commitment to each other, that's all!" he said
defensively.

"You didn't think that when we did." I said.

"Oh, yes I did! I just didn't say it! I was concerned because you were a
virgin. I didn't know when you'd want to go start 'exploring' the rest of
the male population!" he laughed.

"Haven't yet. But you keep this up and I'll think about it!" I laughed

"Ok, I give in." he said, raising his hand in mock surrender.

"Where are they going to live, I wonder?" I asked.

"Who?" Ty responded.

"Jason and Scott." I answered.

"Well, what's wrong with right here, at least for the time being. After
all, Jason practically lives here anyway! He's here every moment he can
be." Ty said reasonably.

"I suppose you're right. But I think we maybe should start looking for a
bigger place to live." I said.

"Yeah, I've been thinking about that. I think we should look into buying
something. I mean, things are going well financially for us. The garage is
doing great. We should really look for something that we can call our own."
Ty said.

"I guess I agree. But I would miss not being so close to Tim and
Domingo. And, we can't forget about Jason and Scott. I mean, Jason's only
21 and Scott's just turning 18. It's not that they're children, but I think
Scott still needs us around. He's done a lot of healing in the past 2
years, but there's still damage that hasn't had time enough to heal
completely yet." I said.

"And momma bird doesn't want to kick him out of the nest. Right?" Ty
laughed.

"Ty, he was already kicked out of the nest once. Look what that did to him!
Think about what doing it to him again would do!" I said.

"I know. I'm not ready to let them fly on their own yet either. But I don't
know what to do." he said.

"I know this sounds like a pipe dream, but I wonder if their isn't some way
we could all continue to live together without it being in this apartment
building." I said.

"What are you thinking about?" Ty asked me.

"I don't know. Someplace where we all had our own space but were close
together. I don't know what I'm imagining. It's too vague in my mind. But
something..." I trailed off.

"Well, when you get a better picture, you let me know." he said. "In the
mean time, I have a picture in my mind of you naked and dancing on my
cock. Is my imagination working overtime?"  he asked.

I didn't answer. I just stood up, turned around, wiggled my ass at him and
walked to the bedroom. He was right behind me.

Nothing came of that discussion for another few months. In the mean time,
some major things happened in Scott and Jason's life. First of all, Jason's
father contacted him, saying he needed to speak to him about something and
was coming out to California. Jason's Dad hadn't contacted his son the
whole time he was in the Marine Corps. Jason had no idea what this was all
about.

Jason's Dad called the apartment when he got into town and Jason told his
Dad that he would meet him at here. I guess Jason decided that he wanted a
showdown with his father over his sexuality, because he wanted not only
Scott there, but Ty and me as well.

When his Dad showed up at our door, I could understand where Jason got his
good looks from.  Jason's Dad was tall and well built but on the lean
side. He had that weathered look of someone who had done ranch work all his
life. I don't think he expected to meet all of us but Jason explained that
we were like his 'family' since he'd been in the Corps.

Jason's introduced his Dad to us but kept our actual relationships out of
it. I was particularly interested in the fact that Jason did not introduce
Scott as his lover. Scott didn't show any resentment of this so I figured
they had discussed this beforehand. Jason's Dad told us to call him Mike. I
knew about Jason's oldest brother who he had loved and who had died. His
brother evidently had been named after his father. We welcomed his Dad and
offered him something to drink. Ty went and got him a beer, along with one
for Jason and Scott. I was drinking coffee, as usual.

"Son, this may come as a shock to you, but I've sold the ranch." Mike
started out.

I could see by the look on his face that this was a shock to Jason.

"Why Dad? Why would you do that?" Jason asked, the shock showing in his
voice.

"I'm getting to old to ranch." his Dad said. "And to tell you the truth,
when Mike died, my heart just went out of it."

"But what about Brad and Eric? Couldn't they run the ranch?" he asked.

"Your brothers have no more interest in running the ranch than you do,
son. Brad's gone on to Law School and Eric wants to be a doctor. I didn't
sell off all the ranch. I kept the house and about 5 acres surrounding
it. And the family cemetery where your Mom and Mike are buried. But I sold
off the rest of the acreage." he said.

"Well, Dad. It was yours to sell if you wanted to. And you're right, I
didn't want to run it. I didn't know how to tell you I didn't want to come
home after my hitch in the Marines was up. Now I guess that's not an issue
anymore, is it?" Jason said.

"No. I never figured you'd come home. Montana isn't exactly a hospitable
place for men like your brother Mike and you." his Dad said quietly.

"You know?!" Jason said, surprise showing in his voice and the way he was
looking at his Dad.

"I knew for a long time. You see, I knew about Mike. He'd told me when he
was 16. You know how he was. Open and honest as the Montana sky! He would
have left when he turned 18 except for one thing. You." Jason's Dad said.

"Me?" Jason said.

"Mike told me he figured that you were like him. He wanted to stay around
to help you. He knew how difficult an adjustment coming to terms with it
you'd have. He wanted to be there for you.  He really loved you, Jason."
his Dad said.

"And I really loved him, Dad. More than you could ever know." Jason said
quietly, giving his Dad a significant look.

"Don't bet on that, son. You see, I knew exactly how you and Mike felt
about each other. He told me. He had planned to wait until you were 18 and
then take the both of you out of Montana and find someplace where you could
be together. He figured on some place like San Francisco or Los
Angeles. But that never happened. After he died, I was most worried about
you. I didn't know what you'd do or how you'd survive. When you went into
the Marines, I figured you would find out what you wanted out of life. I
hope I was right." he said.

"Yes, Dad. I have. I think I better re-make the introductions here so
you'll understand. Dad, I want you to meet Scott, my lover and my partner
for the last 2 years. And Brian and Ty are partners for six years
now. We've become like a family, helping and supporting each other." Jason
said.

Jason's Dad showed no surprise, but he looked right at Scott and for a
while saying nothing.  Finally he broke the silence.

"Scott, son, I want to welcome you to the family. When Jason left four
years ago, there was a terrible sadness and loneliness about him. I don't
see that anymore, and I figure that you're at least part, if not all, the
reason for that."

And with that, Jason's Dad stuck out his hand and Scott clasped it. They
smiled at one another across the table and I could see Jason just beaming
over what had just happened.

"Dad, I've got to ask you. Aren't you the least bit bothered by this?"
Jason asked.

"No, Jason. I'm not. I have a confession to make to you, son. It's
something I've never been able to say to you because by the time you were
old enough to hear it, you were gone. You remember Matt?" he asked.

"Yeah. He's just about your best friend." Jason said.

"That's right. Well, you know Matt and me grew up together. We've always
been close. A lot closer than anybody, including your Mom, ever knew. We'd
been lovers since we were in our teens. But when we were growing up, there
wasn't any option. You either got married, or you lived alone. You didn't
live with another guy. So I got married. And before you ask, yes, I did
love your Mom but, more importantly, I loved you boys. I wanted to have
children. Matt, of course, never did want children or to get married. We'd
get together for those 'fishing' and 'hunting' trips of ours. Well...we
didn't do a lot of fishing or hunting!" he laughed.

"So that's why none of us was ever allowed to go with you guys!" Jason
seemed to be putting some pieces together from his childhood.

"That's right. Well, now that you boys have moved out, Matt's come to live
with me. We reckon that it won't cause too much talk. I'm helping him out
at his gas station and most people just accept the fact that we're
friends." Jason's Dad said.

"Well, I'll be!" Jason said and whistled low. "Damn! Dad! I don't know what
to say!"

"Try saying you love him and that you're very happy for him!" Scott said,
smiling and touching Jason's arm, causing Jason to look at him.

"Oh, fuck! Yeah! Sorry, Dad. I am really happy for you. And I do love you."
he said, his face turning red, but I noticed that he had hold of Scott's
hand, keeping it on his arm.

"I know you do, son!" his Dad laughed, and then got serious. "I only wish
I'd been able to tell you sooner. I only wish I'd been able to do what Mike
wanted to do for you. Help you get through finding out about yourself but
after he died, I was so torn up and you withdrew almost completely from me
and from everybody else. I just wasn't sure that telling you would have
done any good. Or maybe I was still scared. At least you had Mike for a
time."

"Mike did a lot, even in the short time he had, Dad." Jason said. "He loved
me, and he showed me that it was ok, that you could be a man and still love
other men. That got me through until I could meet Scott. He did the rest."

"I'm very grateful to you, Scott, for what you've done for my son." Jason's
Dad said to Scott.

"Thank you, sir. But it wasn't anything compared to what your son did for
me." Scott said, gazing up into Jason's eyes, the love for his partner
apparent to anyone who would look.

"Well, now that we have that out of the way, I can tell you the rest of
it." Jason's Dad said.

"There's more?!" Jason exclaimed. "I don't know if I can take any more!"

We all laughed at that one.

"Oh, I think you'll like this one, son!" His dad grinned. "The price of
land has gone through the roof at home. I was able to get more than I ever
thought that I could for the ranch. And since both Matt and I are sharing
expenses and he has the gas station for income, I don't need a whole lot of
money just sitting in the bank. So what I've done is that I split the
proceeds of the sale four ways. You, Eric and Brad each get a quarter of
the proceeds. So what I've got here for you son, is a check for $200,000."
his Dad said, reaching in his pocket and handing Jason the check.

"Oh, my God! You've got to be kidding me!" Jason said, looking at the
check.

"I figured this money could help give each of you a good start in life
while you were still young, rather than waiting for me to die. Brad and
Eric are using their's for school. What do you think you want to do with
your's son?" Jason's Dad asked.

"Well, I think I just found the money to become a partner in a garage!"
Jason said, beaming at Ty.

Ty beamed back and Jason reached over and they shook hands.

"And I want to find a home for Scott and me." he said, looking fondly into
Scott's eyes, then embracing him and giving him a deep kiss.

"Well, that's just fine son. I didn't think you'd be the kind to want to go
to school, but I'm glad you've got some good uses for them money. Like I
said, it's better than sitting in some bank."  Jason's Dad said.

Jason got up and walked around the table to his Dad. His Dad got up when he
did and when Jason reached them, they fell into each other's arms for a
long hug.

"I don't know how to thank you, Dad. This is so wonderful! I never expected
anything like this!"  Jason said, still in his father's arms.

"Son, I loved all four of you. But the one's who made me proudest were you
and Mike. As long as you remember to never do what Mike would have been
shamed by, you'll never go wrong in this life." his Dad said, with Jason
still in his arms.

"I know that, Dad. How do you think I've been living up 'til now?" Jason
said softly and then they embraced again and then stood back from each
other.

Jason's Dad looked over at Scott and then back at Jason.

"Don't you think it's time I got to hug my new son?" he said.

I don't think I'd ever seen Scott move as fast as he did getting around
that table and into Jason's Dad's arms. Then Mike reached over and grabbed
Jason and they all three hugged. I looked over at Ty and he seemed to have
something in his eye. I thought that odd because I seemed to as well.  I
got up and got a paper towel from the kitchen, brining one to Ty and
slipping it to him while the others weren't watching. He looked up and
grinned at me. I couldn't help myself. I leaned down and kissed him.

Jason's Dad stayed in town for a couple more days. He, Jason and Scott
spent a lot of time together. It was decided that Jason and Scott would go
up to Montana soon and spend some time with Mike and Matt and when Jason
finally found a home for him and Scott, his Dad and Matt would spend some
time with them.

I saw the 'family' breaking up and I was somewhat saddened by it. I began
to think it was time for Ty and I to find a place of our own. But, my heart
just wasn't into it. The six of us had lived with each other for a while
now, and it was going to be strange to be without our friends around us. I
talked to Ty about it again, but he felt pretty much the way I did.

"I don't know what to say, Bri. I know how you feel. I'm going to miss 'the
kids', too. And if we move, there goes Tim and Domingo as well. I mean,
I'll see them at the garage, but it won't be the same. We've been together
since boot-camp. If it hadn't been for their idea about getting an
apartment, I would have never met you!" Ty said.

"I said that to my mom once. She told me that she had a feeling that if our
relationship was meant to be, we would have met no matter what." I said,
putting my arms around him.

"I don't know if she's right, but I'll agree with her. I know our
relationship was meant to be." He said.

Several weeks later, Jason and Scott had been out looking for houses and he
called me at the hospital.

"What time are you getting home tonight?" Jason asked.

"I'm figuring to be home about six, unless something bad breaks here. Why?
Is something up?" I asked.

"Well...you see...Scott and I want to talk with everybody; you, Ty, Domingo
and Tim." Jason said.

"About what?" I asked.

"I'd rather talk to everybody at the same time." Jason said.

"Ok. I'll make every effort to get home on time. We'll talk about it then."
I said.

I actually was able to get home at 5:30. I told Belle that I had a
situation at home I needed to be there for and she handled shift change and
I went home early. When I got there, Ty was already home but Scott and
Jason weren't.

"Do you know what this is all about?" I asked Ty.

"Don't have the faintest idea! Jason called the garage and asked all of us
to meet here at 6." he said.

A short time later, Domingo and Tim came over and just before six, Jason
and Scott arrived home. They were obviously excited about something. We all
sat down at the table. The same table where I'd served three young Marines
dinner what seemed like a lifetime ago but was six years.

"You know that Scott and I have been looking for a house." Jason
started. "But we've been having this problem. We love having you guys
around. Whether you know it or not, you guys are very important to
us. You've always been there for us. And we're grateful for that. We don't
want to move away from you."

"We understand that we all need more space and more privacy." Scott
said. "But we all are so used to being together that it's like moving away
from home! We don't know how you all feel about it, though."

The four of us - Ty, Doming, Tim and I - looked at each other. I finally
spoke up.

"I think we've all talked about this with each other, one on one." I said
and looked to the other three guys, who were nodding their heads. "And we
all pretty much feel the same way. Nobody's been able to come up with any
kind of solution though."

"Well, we may have found one." Jason said, giving us all a huge
grin. "That's what we want to talk to you guys about."

"Ok," Ty said, "what have you got?"

"We were driving around today looking for houses out by the old mill."
Scott explained. "We were trying to find this house that the real estate
agent told us about and Jason made what we thought was a wrong turn. We
headed down this gravel road and after about half a mile, we found this
compound. It has three incredible log houses. There was a for-sale sign on
it so we used Jason's cell-phone to call the agent. He met us at the
compound and we took a tour of it."

"It has 10 acres surrounding it, mostly woods. Very private! And the log
houses are really cool!  Each has two bedrooms and two baths along with a
den and two screened in porches. They all face a central area and are set
about fifty feet apart. They belong to this family that used to use it as a
vacation place. The parents have died and the kids are moved all over the
country and don't need it anymore." Jason said.

The impact of this hit us all. A place where we could all be together and
each have our own homes! It was the answer to our dilemma. Poor Jason, all
four of us started asking him questions at once. He finally held up his
hands.

"Guys! I can't answer any of this. Look, it's still light for a couple of
hours, let's drive out there and take a look at the place. I'll call the
real estate agent and he can meet us out there. Ok?" he asked.

We all agreed and piled into our cars to head out there. It took about half
an hour to get there.  We were all surprised about how private it was. It
was like there was no city around. I think we all knew, immediately, that
this was the perfect place for all of us. Jason called the agent again and
he came out and we toured the houses. They were all identical, and they
were perfect. We held a short conference among the six of us, and then gave
an offer to the agent to take to the owners.  He told us it would be a
couple of days before he would hear from all of them, but he also confided
to us that the property had been on the market for over a year and no offer
had ever been made.

The wait got to all of us. Finally, on the fourth day, I was sitting at the
nurses station reviewing charts when I got a phone call from Ty.

"Babe, do you think you could arrange to get a week off in about a month's
time?" Ty asked.

"Well, I suppose if it was important. What for? Going to take me on a
honeymoon?" I joked.

"No, I just figured we'd need time to pack up everything before we moved."
he said quietly.

I almost flew out of the chair!

"We got it?!" I all but screamed.

"The agent just called. He accepted the offer and we close in a month!" Ty
said, his own excitement showing in his voice.

I could hear Domingo and Tim in the background whooping and hollering. And
I thought I heard Jason and Scott's voices, too.

"Oh, God, Ty! That's so wonderful. I'll go talk to Mom right now! I'll let
you know tonight. I love you!" I said.

"And I love you, Bri!" he said.

As soon as I hung up the phone, I asked Belle to watch things for me and
flew down the stairs to Mom's office. I knocked at her door and went in.

"I don't even have to ask! You got the houses!" she beamed after looking at
my face.

"Yes! We close in a month. Ty wants to know if I can get a week off around
the closing so that we can pack and move?" I asked.

"Oh, honey! A week isn't nearly long enough! You really need at least two
weeks. I'll arrange it.  Don't worry about a thing." she said.

"Oh, Mom, this is like a dream come true! We were all getting torn up about
having to move away from each other. Now we won't ever have to." I said.

"I do want to make one suggestion to you. I know a good attorney, and I
think you guys ought to talk this over with him. If the six of you are
going to own this property together, you might want to form a corporation
to do it through. It might make things easier." she suggested.

"Ok. I'll talk to the guys and see what they think. Can you give me his
name and number." I asked.

"Sure." she said, grabbing a pad and pen. "Here you go. Just tell him I
told you to call and tell him that you're my son." she said.

"Thanks, Mom!" I said, hugging her before I went back up to the ward.

That night we all sat down and discussed it and I called the attorney the
next day. He agreed to meet with all of us at our apartment the next
evening. He listened to what we were trying to do and agreed with Mom that
we should form a corporation to purchase the property, just the way the
garage was incorporated.

He asked us if we had a name that we'd want to incorporate under. We just
kind of looked at each other. We hadn't even thought about that. If was Ty
that finally spoke up.

"Yes. We can call it 'Semper Fidelis Acres, Inc.'." he said, and looked
around to see us all nodding at him in agreement.

"Well, as long as that name isn't registered in the state of California,
and it probably isn't, that will be fine." he said.

The name wasn't registered and less than a month later, we became 'Semper
Fidelis, Inc.'. Ty was put down as President, Tim as Treasure (since he did
the books for the garage, too.), and Jason was secretary. Of course,
Domingo, Scott and I became members of the Board of Directors. One week
later, the property was sold to Semper Fidelis, Inc. and we had the big job
of moving.

As we carried loads of boxes out of the two apartments to the waiting van
that Ty had rented, I stopped to look at him.

"You know, this is how this all started." I said. "Watching you guys move
in."

"Yeah," he said, taking me in his arms. "But this time, you don't have your
binoculars!"

"But I still love the scent of you when you're hot and sweaty like this!" I
said, licking the salty sweat from his neck.

"And I promise not to make the mistake of showering tonight until after I
make love to you in our new home." he said, leaning down and kissing me
with a kiss that promised a long night to come.

With six strong male bodies, the work went must faster than any of us had
figured. By late afternoon, Ty had gone with Domingo to take the truck back
and Scott and I went to the store to get food. I got all the necessary
ingredients to make the very same meal that I made the night that I first
met Ty.

When we got back to the house, I saw mom's car in the compound. I went
inside and found her unpacking the kitchen stuff.

"Mom, you don't have to do that!" I said.

"Sure I do! How are you going to fix dinner if I don't?" she asked.

"Well, I was going to do that while I fixed dinner." I said.

"Well now you don't have to. You just start cooking. You did buy enough for
seven, didn't you?"  she hinted.

"Yes, Mom. There's plenty." I said, putting down the bag of groceries I was
carrying and hugging her.

"I really can't believe this place, Brian. It is so beautiful out here!"
she said.

"Yeah, it is, isn't it! It's so peaceful." I said.

"Scott," my mother said, turning to him. "Would you mind getting the box
that's in the backseat of my car and bringing it in here?" she asked.

"Sure, Mom!" Scott said.

She had become 'Mom' to all six of us - even Tim and Domingo called her
that. Scott returned quickly with a large box done up in fancy paper like
you would wrap a wedding present in with bells and ribbons all over it.

"What's this?" I asked.

"Well, I never got you and Ty a wedding present - seeing that you never had
one. So this is kind of a wedding/housewarming present." she said.

"Oh, Mom! You didn't have to do this!" I said.

"No, I know I didn't. I wanted to." she looked at me and I could see she
was up to something.

"What is it?" I asked again.

"I think you'd better open it and find out. You may find it very useful
later." she hinted.

I tore open the wrapping and opened the large cardboard box. The first
thing I saw on top were Mom's silver candlesticks, the one's she gotten
from her mother on her wedding day - the one's I've loved all my
life. Below this, packed very carefully, was her wedding china. I started
crying. I couldn't help myself.

"Oh, Mom." I said, with tears rolling down my face. "Are you sure you want
to give me these?"

"Honey, they just gather dust at my house! You've always been the one who
loved them. And, God knows, you've used them more often than I ever have!"
she laughed.

I hugged her tightly while Scott proceeded to unpack the china.

"Where do you want me to put these, Brian?" he asked.

"Don't bother putting them away. We going to be using them tonight." I
said. "I'm making the same dinner I made for Ty and the boys the first
night that we met. I was kicking myself all the way home from the store for
not remembering to ask you to lend me these for tonight! Your gift couldn't
have come at a better time!" I told Mom.

"I figured you'd want to do something like that. You are my romantic son!"
she laughed and we hugged again.

Dinner wasn't the same as it had been all those years ago. Now there were
seven around the table.  And we were a family. I managed to make it through
without breaking down again but I was close to tears the whole
evening. Tears of happiness, tears of joy, seeing all of us together.

As the evening drew to a close, Mom went home and Domingo, Tim, Jason and
Scott wandered over to their own houses. We all stood there on our front
porches in the soft evening air, looking up at the stars and holding our
lovers.

"I think we're going to be very happy here." Ty said, whispering in my ear
as he stood behind me with his arms around me.

"I know I'm almost as happy right now as I could possibly be." I said.

"Almost?" Ty asked.

"Well...there is one thing that could make me happier, that could make this
perfect." I said quietly.

Ty didn't need to even ask me what that was. He reached down and picked me
up in his arms and was just about to carry me over the threshold of our new
home when he heard cheering coming from the other two front porches on each
side of us. Ty turned around and there was Tim being carried by Domingo and
Scott being carried by Jason. Laughing, Ty turned back and carried me into
our new home and our new life together.

THE END OF "THE MARINE NEXT DOOR"

If you liked the story, please write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. If you want
to have a complete listing of my stories on NIFTY (the ONLY place I post
them) write me and I will gladly send it to you.

And if you're reading this on NIFTY (more especially if you're not) please
consider making a donation to the site to keep it operating and free! Thank
you!

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Mon, 1 Jul 2002 16:21:28 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: THE MARINE NEXT DOOR 14

Disclaimer: This is just a story. And it's about a Marine - actually
several Marines. None of them are real one, of course. Kind of a melding of
a lot of Marine's I've had the honor to have known in my life. Any
resemblance to any actual Marine is purely coincidence - but if there is, I
do wish he'd write me! Anyway, you know the drill, if you don't like sex
between males, what are you doing here? And if your Country, State,
Province, City, Town or Village won't let you read this kind of stuff -
MOVE!!! Somewhere where you can!

This story is dedicated to my friend PUP, who just LOVES Marines and
stories about them. I hope he loves this one. And I kind of hope it would
come true for him.

This part is a continuation of Scott's Story.

THE MARINE NEXT DOOR - Part 14
by RimPig (c) 2002

SCOTT'S STORY Continued:

I woke up, still in the hospital, but wrapped in Jason's strong arms. How
we had both slept in this small hospital bed was beyond me, except for the
fact that we were so closely wrapped in each other's arms. The first thing
I noticed, even before I opened my eyes, was the scent of him.
Strong. Masculine. I opened my eyes to find myself lying with my head
resting on his arm and my nose against the bare part of his chest where his
olive green shirt was open. I lay there, drinking in his scent and watching
him sleep. The face of a young boy and the body of a man.

It wasn't light out yet. I could see the grey sky of false dawn out the
window. The window I had stood before, less than 24 hours ago,
contemplating ending my life. Brian's words suddenly came back to me. 'You
have a whole lifetime ahead of you! You don't need to be talking about
dying!  Fuck! You haven't even learned how to live yet!'. Oh, how right he
had been! Because not two hours later, I found something worth living for!
This beautiful young Marine lying here with me who, beyond all reason or
sense, says that he loves me.

Lost in my own thoughts, I didn't see him open his eyes. When I did look
up, his eyes were staring into mine and a smile began to part his beautiful
lips. I smiled back. For the first time in my life, I was waking up in the
arms of someone who really loved me. I could see it in the eyes that looked
at me. And I could feel it in the hard cock that was pressed against my
abs. We had both woken up hard with need that morning. We wanted each other
so badly, but we had both promised Brian that we would do nothing that
would 'shock my nurses'.

"Good morning." he said quietly, his voice still husky with sleep.

"It's barely morning. The sun hasn't even really come up yet." I said,
nuzzling my nose into his chest again.

He reached his hand up and stroked my head.

"I want every morning to be like this - waking up with you in my arms." He
said as he kissed my forehead.

I looked back up into his eyes and knew that he meant every word of that. I
sighed out of relief and satisfaction. I had been half afraid that he would
have second thoughts of wanting to love someone like me.

"If there's a way for that to happen, it's where I want to be, too." I
said.

"I want to stay here holding you, but I've really got to piss!" he grinned.

"Me, too!" I said.

We carefully untangled from each other and went to the bathroom. We both
stood at the bowl of the toilet, trying to get our cocks to go down enough
for us to piss. Finally, we stood there, side by side, letting our streams
splash into the water.

I finished before he did and started to go back to the bed. Before I knew
it, he came from behind me, picked me up and carried me there, gently
laying me back down. I was amazed at his strength. And at the feeling of
security which his actions gave me. He stood over me, looking down at me
and smiling. Then he leaned down and gently kissed me on the lips. My arms
came up around his neck and I pulled him closer, our mouths joining in a
deeper expression of our feelings.

Suddenly, there was a knock at the door. I let go of Jason and he stood up
and moved away from the bed. I called out and the black nurse from
yesterday, Belle, came in the room. She smiled at both of us.

"I hope you two got some sleep last night, though I know it must have been
awfully crowded, that bed being so narrow and all." she laughed.

I looked over a Jason and he was blushing as I could feel from the heat in
my face, that I was too.

"I just need to get your temperature and blood pressure, honey." Belle
said, sticking a thermometer in my mouth and wrapping my upper arm in a
blood pressure cuff.

After a few minutes, she pulled the thermometer out of my mouth, looked at
it and told me that both my temperature and my blood pressure were normal.

"You just rest for a while, honey. They should be sending up the breakfast
trays anytime now. I made a terrible mistake and ordered two for this room,
so I hope somebody here will eat the other one. I hate having food go to
waste." she said this staring right at Jason.

"Ah, no, ma'am! That would be a terrible thing!" Jason agreed with a grin
on his face.

"Now, honey, the doctor will sign your release sometime this morning but I
have a funny feeling you're going to be having visitors long before that."
she smiled.

"Visitors?" I asked. Who would be visiting me?

"Yes, honey. I think a certain former Marine and his lover should be
dropping by sometime this morning. I don't know for sure, but I have a real
good feeling about it." and with that, she was out the door and gone.

I was still puzzled.

"I think she means Ty and Brian." Jason said, coming back over and sitting
on the bed.

He took my hand in his and brought my fingers to his lips and kissed
them. It was the most incredibly romantic gesture that I'd ever seen. My
heart all but melted in my chest when he did it.

"God, I hope this Ty likes me. I hope they let me come and live with
them. I don't know what the fuck I'm going to do otherwise, Jason." I said,
my worry obvious in my voice.

"I'm not the least bit worried!" Jason said. "I know Ty and I know
Brian. If there's anyway that they can help you, they will."

"But why would they! They don't know me. They've never met me before. Why
would they want to help me?" I asked.

"Because that's just the way they are. Oh, Ty's gruff at times. I know he
does it because he's got a heart that's almost as soft as Brian's. But,
you'll see. They'll help." Jason said it with such conviction, I started to
let go of some of my fears.

Jason was sitting there, his hand resting on my chest and I began to move
my hand up his arm, feeling the strong muscles underneath his shirt. I
moved my hand slowly over his shoulder and down onto his bare chest, where
he still had not buttoned his shirt. I slid my hand under the shirt and
touched his nipples, feeling it hard and pointed under my finger tips. I
grasped it gently and tugged. I heard him moan deep in his throat and
looked up into his eyes. They bore into me like they were on fire! I
definitely knew he wanted me and he wanted me NOW! Which was the way I
wanted him. But we were still hampered by our surroundings.

It might have happened anyway, had not the door burst open and an orderly
brought two trays into the room. He put them both on the tray table by the
bed and left without a word.

"I guess we should eat something. I have a feeling we're both going to need
all of our strength later." I said quietly, acknowledging what was in both
our minds.

"I'm so hungry I could eat a bear!" Jason said ruefully.

"I just want to eat a Marine." I said.

And at that we both broke up laughing, releasing the tension which had been
building inside us for almost a day now. We both ate every scrap of food
that was in sight in rapid time. We were, after all, both teenage boys yet.

We sat talking a while longer until they came and took the trays away. It
was right after that we heard another knock at the door. This time, it was
Brian followed by a tall, very handsome young man who I correctly guessed
to be Ty, his lover. I could well see why Brian was so in love with him! He
was incredibly good looking and masculine. He was dressed in a tight black
t-shirt and very tight jeans. The outfit hugged every curve and bulge of
his muscular body. His eyes, however, were the most striking thing about
him. They seemed to bore right through me. I doubt that anyone could
successfully lie to this man.

After he was introduced to me by Brian, he quietly began to ask me
questions. He pulled no punches and didn't beat around the bush. He asked
me about how I had lived on the streets so I told him exactly what my life
had been like. He asked if I could live with the rules that Brian had told
me about and I said that I could. Then he got this funny look on his face
and he just stood there looking first at me and then at Jason. Then he
declared that we both had "that look that says you're both totally gone on
each other!". I don't know which of us blushed a deeper shade of red, Jason
or me. But Jason unashamedly leaned over and gave me a deep kiss right in
front of them.

It was then I heard the most magical words I'd heard in a long time. Ty was
saying to me 'Well, are you ready to come home?'. Home! I finally was going
to have a home again! I leaped from the bed and, without thinking, wrapped
my arms around Ty and gave him a hug, which he returned.  By the time it
was over, all four of us ended up in a group hug. Then Ty left to go to
work and Brian went to make some phone calls.

"Are you happy now?" Jason asked me.

"Happy? There's got to be a better word for what I'm feeling than that!" I
grinned. "How are you feeling?"

"I feel so incredibly relieved. Now I know you'll have someplace safe and I
know that we will be able to spend time together. I'm sorry that we can't
live together yet, but that will come. I promise. As soon as I can get out
of the Corps, we will be together all the time." he promised me, taking my
hand in his and kissing it again.

We sat there talking and sharing our dreams of what we wanted our life
together to be, as if we had nothing to worry about. In the back of my
mind, I knew that I was still sick, still infected with the virus. But I
didn't want to talk about that! Not right now! I wanted, at least for a
while, to pretend that Jason and I had a chance at a normal life together.

I didn't have time to dwell on this because suddenly Brian was back - and
this time with a woman.  She swept into the room and Brian introduced her
as his mother, and the Supervisor of Nursing at the hospital. She came over
to me and asked me how I was. Then she said some surprising things to me! I
knew, somewhere in the back of my head, that she must know about Brian and
Ty, but it seems she not only knew about it, but was happy about it! She
accepted their relationship completely! And not only that, she knew about
Jason and me! Damn! Does everybody in the whole world know that we're in
love?!

But she started talking to me about being gay! She told me that it wasn't
bad, or shameful. She told me that finding someone to love was the most
wonderful thing in the world. I had never had anyone who was straight ever
tell me these things! Then she declared that since Brian and Ty were her
'sons', that made Jason and me her grandsons! I loved her immediately! I
threw my arms around her and gave her a hug. She then turned to Brian,
handed him her credit card and told Brian to get me anything that I needed!
I was amazed! But she'd told Jason and me that as the 'grandmother' it was
her job to spoil us!

We left the hospital, after Brian finally found my clothes, and went to a
nearby mall. I had Jason help me pick out clothes. He wouldn't let me get
anything that was really sexy. He told me that I didn't need to 'advertise'
anymore. That part of my life was over - for good. I was secretly so
thrilled at the way he asserted himself. I know that I need help in
learning how to relate to people again.

Brian paid for everything that day, including a new portable CD player and
CD's. Well, everything except one t-shirt. Jason found it and bought it for
me himself. It says "Property of USMC" with the Marine Corps logo on it. I
made them let me put it on as soon as he paid for it.  It was kind of like
making our relationship 'real'.

Brian took us home and showed me 'my' room. I was overwhelmed. After all
the rat and bug infested 'crash pads' and even some nights in alleys, I
never thought that I would ever have a room of my own again. A place where
I could be alone when I wanted to be. A place that I could share with
Jason. I started to cry and Brian got upset. I think he thought I didn't
like it! I explained to him how I felt and how grateful I was.

After a short time, he left to go back to the hospital. He made us promise
not to get naked until he was at least out of the parking lot! I looked
over at Jason and he was blushing as hard as I was!

Finally, we were alone. Really alone with each other. No one was going to
walk in and disturb us.  I suddenly felt myself getting really shy, for
some reason. I had been with so many different men in the last year, it was
strange that I should suddenly feel awkward being alone with Jason. But in
all those other encounters, I had been in control. It was for money. There
was no feeling in it. In fact, there was hardly any turn on at all. But
this was vastly different. I didn't feel in control at all and there were
so many feelings I couldn't begin to name them.

The biggest of them was FEAR! What if I couldn't please him? I'd never had
to worry about that before. More importantly, I'd never really had 'Safe
Sex' before. I was so scared of doing anything that would infect him. The
thoughts of that were too horrifying to even contemplate.  Unfortunately,
those thoughts made me look at myself in a totally different way. I was not
just infected - I was dangerous! I felt 'diseased'. I felt 'dirty'. I felt
the way 'lepers' in the bible must have felt!

Jason came over and put his arms around me and I could feel myself freeze
up. My whole body suddenly went stiff. I didn't want him to touch me. Even
though I knew it was stupid, I just couldn't get the idea out of my head
that if he even touched me, I'd infect him.

He, of course, noticed immediately that something was wrong. He looked down
at me with questions and hurt in his eyes. He thought that I was suddenly
rejecting him! I didn't know what to do! And, just to make matters worse, I
started to cry.

Jason pulled me tightly to him, and I finally relaxed some in his arms. I
clung to him but I couldn't stop the tears. He just held me for a long
time, gently stroking my hair.

"What's the matter, babe?" he said quietly.

"Jason, I'm scared." I said.

"Of what? You're not scared of me, are you?" he asked.

I pulled out of his arms and walked over to the window looking out on the
parking lot.

"No! I'm afraid FOR you!" I said. "I'm afraid that I'm going to infect
you. I feel so dirty, so used.  I don't know why you'd even want to touch
me!"

"Scott, I love you! You aren't dirty to me! I don't look at you and see a
disease. I see this beautiful guy who wants me and needs me and who I need
in my life! You're not going to infect me, babe! It isn't that easy to do."
he told me.

"What do you mean?" I asked, turning around and looking into his eyes.

"Look, Scott. We get training on all this stuff. The HIV virus is one of
the most difficult viruses to pass to another person. A lot of people don't
know that. That's why they can be so sure of the mode of
transmission. There has to be a direct blood to blood contact. As long as I
don't take your cum in my mouth or ass, or into an open wound, I'm safe. I
know that condoms seem like they aren't very sexy, but they really do
work. I've never minded fucking with one on. In fact, I've never fucked
anybody in my life without one." he told me.

"Can you get it if I suck you?" I asked.

"No, you don't get if from a blow job." he smiled at me.

He walked over to me and put his hands on my shoulders.

"I want you really bad, Scott. But I love you enough to wait. I'll wait
until you want me." he said.

"But I do want you! Don't you understand?! I want you so bad it hurts
inside me! I just can't understand why you'd want me! Do you know how many
guys I've been with?!" I all but screamed.

"No. And I don't want to know. Whatever you did in the past doesn't matter
now. All that matters now is that I love you and I want you. I hope that
you feel the same way." he said and, taking his hands off of my shoulders,
he walked over and stood by the bed, his back to me.

I watched him walk away. What the fuck was the matter with me?! I'd seen it
in his eyes. Every word was true. He wasn't afraid of me. He didn't see me
as 'used' or 'dirty'. He looked at me in a way that no one in my whole life
had ever looked at me! I could feel myself melting, surrendering. I stopped
seeing myself from inside and started seeing things through his eyes. Here
he was, loving me so much that he was willing to build a relationship with
somebody he knew could die. Worse, someone who could end up very sick for a
long time. Maybe even get to the point where I couldn't take care of myself
at all. He'd seen all this up on the Ward where he volunteered. He knew all
this and he was still willing to love me! Who the fuck was I to try and
push that love away?!

"Jason." I said quietly.

He turned and looked at me.

There was so much I wanted to say to him, but the words just wouldn't come
out. I realized that this was not a time for words. This was a time for
actions - which spoke louder than words. I walked over to him, reached up,
and slowly began to unbutton his fatigue shirt. He stood there and let me
fumble with the buttons, just smiling down at me. I pulled it out of his
pants and pushed it down off his shoulders. His muscular chest gleamed in
the sunlight streaming through the window of the room. The scent of him was
strong. I filled me as I breathed deeply of it. I gently ran my hands over
the mound of his pectoral muscles and gently tweaked his impossibly small
nipples. A small groan escaped his lips as I did so.

I moved my hands down his body and felt the ridges of his rock-solid abs. I
reached for the buckle to his belt, but was having trouble undoing it. He
reached down and undid it for me but than put his hands back at his sides,
letting me continue undressing him. I unbuttoned his pants and slowly
lowered the zipper. I could feel behind the fabric that he had come to full
hardness at my touching him. I let the fatigue pants fall around his
ankles, showing his white jockey shorts underneath and then dropped to my
knees.

I untied his black combat boots and he raised each foot so that I could
pull them off. He then sat down on the bed so that I could remove his socks
and pants. I reached up for the waistband of his jockeys and he lifted his
butt as I pulled them down and off him as well. As I pulled down his white
shorts, I saw his cock pawing the air with a drop of pre-cum formed at the
tip of his foreskin.

After I pulled them off his feet, I took his underwear in my hands and,
looking up into his eyes, I brought them to my face to sniff. My eyes
locked on his, I breathed deeply of the scent of him.  The shorts were warm
and somewhat damp with his sweat and I could smell his crotch odor
permeating them. It was like a hit of poppers! His eyes grew wide as he
watched me get off on the scent of him.

He leaned forward and pulled me to my feet. Standing there between his legs
as he sat on the edge of the bed, he first pulled the t-shirt he'd bought
me, which proudly proclaimed me as the property of the Corps, out of my
jeans. As soon as my stomach appeared, he put his face to it and began to
kiss and lick my skin. God! The touch of his tongue was like fire, turning
me on and burning away any traces of shame I had been feeling.

I lifted my arms so that he could pull it off over my head. Then he went to
my jeans. I wasn't wearing a belt so he just began unbuttoning the fly on
them. I also wasn't wearing underwear (I hardly ever did) so as soon as the
buttons were opened, my pubic bush appeared. He stroked his fingers through
the soft hair and I could smell the scent of my crotch rising in the
air. He did too, because I could hear him taking deep breaths of it and his
hands slid around inside my jeans until they cupped my ass cheeks. He
pushed my jeans down to my ankles while his hands stroked down my butt and
the back of my legs. I put my hands on his shoulders and lifted one foot at
a time so he could take my pants completely off.

Having stripped me, he leaned back on the bed and just looked at my naked
body standing before him. I watched him drinking me in and saw the love and
the lust that were going through him reflected in his eyes. Finally he
looked up and into my eyes.

"You are so incredibly beautiful." he said, his voice low and husky.

Before I could even react to this, he sat up, grabbed me around the waist
and pulled me down into the bed with him. I ended up on top of him, my hard
cock pressing into his abs. He flipped us over and was on top of me. He
raised up on his arms and looked into my face.

"I love you, Scott. More than I have words for. There has only been one
other man that I've wanted in my life as badly as I want you. If you're not
ok with this, you'd better say something now because I don't think I can
stop or pull back from this point on." he said.

As an answer, I reached up and pulled his face down to mine, pulling his
mouth hard against my own and pushing my tongue into his. We groaned into
each other's mouths and ground our hard cocks against each other's
bodies. With his strong, hard body covering mine, I lost all sense of time
and space. All I could feel was the unbelievable feeling of being loved and
protected. Never in my life, not even with Craig, had I ever felt this way
before. All I knew is that I never wanted the feeling to end.

Jason pulled off my mouth and moved to my neck. His sucking, licking mouth
about drove me crazy! I was moaning and crying out from the intensity of
the feelings going through my body. I moved down and began to nibble at my
tits next. I arched off the bed, driving my chest into his mouth. He moved
to the other one and got the same reaction. Then he grabbed my arms from
around his neck and pushed them above my head as he buried his face in my
pits, sniffing and licking through the soft hairs. My moaning became
constant as he pushed my body to heights of stimulation I wasn't aware
existed.

Pulling his face out of my pits, he looked down at my flushed and sweaty
face.

"See, Safe Sex can be really hot!" he grinned.

I could feel his hard cock pushing against my stomach. I could feel the
cock-snot which he was leaking all over me. I knew this couldn't go on much
longer. We'd postponed this too long to make this first time slow. I looked
up at him with deep hunger in my eyes.

"Fuck me! Please, Jason! I want to feel you inside of me! Please!!!" I
begged.

He grinned again and then moved down my body and got between my legs. He
stroked my hard cock with his hand while he sniffed and licked at my
sweaty, fragrant balls. I moaned to him to let go of my cock because I was
too close to cumming. He let go but, instead, he grabbed both my thighs and
lifted them up and back until my knees were almost resting on my chest. He
buried his face in my ass, inhaling deeply of the scent there. Then he
began licking up and down my ass- trench until I thought I would go insane
from the feelings and the wanting of him.

He dropped my legs and knelt between them. His hard, dripping cock was
throbbing with each beat of his heart. He looked down at me and held up the
foil packet of a condom.

"Come get me ready, lover, if you want this cock in your butt!" he grinned.

I leaped forward and took his cock all the way down my throat in one
gulp. Deep-throating was a speciality of mine or I would never have been
able to bury his whole nine thick inches in my throat. I sucked at his
cock, wetting it with my saliva. Then I took the condom from him and,
placing it on the tip of his cock, rolled it down to the base with my
mouth.

He reached down beside the bed to his pants and pulled out a small bottle
of lube. He took some on his fingers and gave the bottle to me. He lubed up
my eager and open hole while I slicked up his condom-covered cock. He
quickly worked three fingers up me and then pushed me back on the bed. I
raised my legs for him and he put them over his shoulders. He put his lubed
cock at the entrance to my body.

"You ready?" he asked.

"Yes! Shove it in my ass! HARD!" I all but screamed.

Taking me at my word, his hips snapped forward and his cock was buried to
the hilt in my ass. I gasped at the sudden pain and pleasure of it! He
stayed still, his cock buried in my butt while my chute became used to the
largeness of him. My ass quickly adjusted to his size and I looked up into
his face. I saw pure animal lust in his eyes. This was not going to be a
loving fuck. This was going to be a rough fuck! A fuck of possession! He
was going to fuck me and mark me as his own. I was ready!

"Fuck me! Fuck me HARD!" I said.

He growled and began pounding away at my ass. I loved it! The strength and
power of him almost overwhelmed me! He was twisting this way and that as he
plunged his cock over and over again into my hot, willing hole. He was
hitting places with that monster that no one had ever hit before! I reached
up and grabbed hold of his tits with my fingers and began to pull on them
while he continued to batter my ass.

Soon his rhythm began to become ragged as did his breathing. The sweat
began to drip from his body and the smell of our rutting and our bodies was
joining in a male miasma which was driving me closer and closer to my
release as his cock continued to pummel my ass and hammer away at my
butt-nut.

Suddenly, my orgasm was upon me! My cock, which neither of us had touched,
began spitting out shot after shot of my cum. I guess this was too much for
Jason, because as soon as I began to shoot, I heard him groan and felt his
cock begin to tremble in my butt as he let loose his load into the condom
inside my ass. He then collapsed on top of me and my cum and our sweat
mingled between our bodies.

We lay there, basking in the afterglow of our hunger for each other. Never
before had an orgasm wracked my body with so many feelings, so many
emotions. The Spanish, I learned from one diplomat who I had serviced, call
orgasm 'the small death' and I now understood why. I suddenly found myself
as if I had died and been reborn in Jason's arms. I no longer felt
'diseased' or 'dirty'.  I only felt desired and loved. I felt buoyed by the
knowledge that I had satisfied the hunger in my lover. No more doubts, no
more fears. I was capable of giving and receiving pleasure with him.

Finally, his breathing returned almost to normal, he rose up onto his
elbows and looked down at me. The look on his face was one of both love and
astonishment.

"I haven't experienced anything like that since the one and only time that
Mike made love me." he said, his eyes glowing with love for me.

"Who's Mike?" I asked.

"My oldest brother. We were in love. He made love to me for the first time
in my life." he said.

"You had sex with your brother?" I asked.

While I had heard of these type of situations, I'd never met anyone who had
actually experienced it.

"I had sex with all three of my brothers. But I only made love with Mike."
Jason told me.

"What happened. Why aren't you with him?" I asked.

"He was killed less than a week after he made love to me for the first
time. Until I met you yesterday, I'd never again allowed myself to feel
anything for anybody except lust. So you see, you're not the only one who's
done things in his life that most people, at best, wouldn't understand and,
at worst, would condemn you for." he said, his eyes searching my face for
any hint of condemnation.

"I wished I had a brother like that." I said. "I didn't have any brothers
or sisters. I grew up very much alone."

"You're not alone anymore. And neither am I." I said.

"But you had other brothers. Didn't that help?" I asked.

"How could it? Oh, don't get me wrong, I love my brothers. But I wasn't
'in-love' with them. I would watch the three of them; Brad, Eric and Mike,
having circle jerks at night. Getting each other off. One night, I joined
them. But I wanted more than just a circle jerk. That was the first night
that I ever sucked cock. And Mike's was the first one. The next day was
when he made love to me for the first time. For what time he had left, I
slept in his arms every night. But when he died, something went out of life
for me. And I guess for my brothers as well. We never touched each other
again. They ended up getting hooked up with girls. Mike had told me that
they would.  He said that he and I were the only ones who would end up
preferring other males. He was right, all the way around." he said, a
wistful look in his eyes.

"I'm so sorry, Jason! I don't know what else to say to you." I told him,
frustration in my voice at my inability to take away the trouble in his
spirit as he'd take away mine.

"It's ok. I can talk about it with you because it doesn't hurt when I'm
near you. That's how I knew that you were the one. The pain never went away
until I met you." and saying this, he leaned down and kissed me deeply.

Breaking the kiss, he rolled off of me an onto his side. I turned and faced
him. He reached out and I moved closer to him while one of his arms went
under my head and the other went around my body and his hand began to
gently stroke my back. Just his touch was enough to set me off. Even after
the huge orgasm I'd just had, my cock was again hard and poking into
Jason's stomach.  Feeling it, he pulled me closer.

"I want you to do something for me, Scott." he said quietly.

"I'll do anything for you, Jason. What is it?" I asked.

"I want you to make love to me." he said.

"Jason, I just did." I said quietly.

"No, Scott. I want you to fuck me." he said.

"Are you sure?" I asked.

"Yes, I'm sure. Very sure." he said and kissed me gently.

I couldn't help myself. I pulled him to me and made the kiss deeper. I
wanted him this way. I wanted to give him the pleasure and the feeling of
possession that I felt. I wanted to make him mine in the same way he had
marked me as his. Somehow I knew that this relationship was going to have
to be mutual to work. And this would be the first proof of that.

As I continued to kiss him, I pushed him over onto his back and put my body
on top of his. It felt so good, so right, to have him under me. I was the
one offering protection now. It was as much my responsibility to protect my
mate as it was his to protect me.

I began moving down his body, reveling in the smoothness of his skin and
the steel-hardness of his muscles. The physical training that Marines go
through creates incredible bodies. But it was more than his body I reveled
in. It was his scent, his warmth. It was him. This male that loved me and
that I loved. This male I was drawn to in ways that I had never experienced
before.

I buried my face in his public hair and breathed deeply of his scent. My
cock was so hard, I had no concerns about being able to physically fulfill
my role. I didn't touch his cock because I wanted him to get off solely on
my fucking him so I, instead, moved down and began licking his balls and
the area below them leading to his ass.

He pulled his legs back and presented his hole to me. Ringed by a light
dusting of fur, it was pink and puckered and winking at me. I lost myself
for a while in the scent of his trench and then reached out my tongue to
taste the sweat and musk which had built up inside. I locked my lips to his
wrinkled hole and sucked those lips into my mouth while I plunged my tongue
as far up inside him as I could. I tasted the inside of him for the first
time and moaned at the pleasure of it.

I ate his hole for a long time, making it more and more relaxed. I could
tell he was not as used to getting fucked as I was. I finally reached for
the lube and began to slowly, one finger at a time, lube and open his
hole. When I finally had three fingers working in and out of him, and him
moaning in pleasure from it, I knew it was time.

I usually preferred to fuck guys on their stomachs. For one thing, in my
'business', I didn't have to look at them. I could fantasize they were
someone else.  On the few occasions that it happened that I had someone who
had a decent body, I really loved seeing, stroking, biting and licking
their muscular backs. It especially got me off to watch my cock plunging in
and out of their buns. But I knew that this fuck was different. First of
all, I wanted to see Jason's face while I fucked him.  This was no
'trick'. This was my mate! The guy I loved! I wanted to watch every
feeling, every emotion that crossed his face while I fucked him. And I
wanted him to watch me do it! To know who was fucking him!

I rolled a condom down my hard cock and added lube to the outside. I put
his legs on my shoulders and put my latex covered cock at his hole. I
looked down at his face. He was watching every thing I did, anticipating
what was coming next.

"Fuck me hard and rough - just like I fucked you!" He said, his lust filled
eyes boring into mine

"Ok, fucker! You asked for it!" I said as I snapped my hips forward just as
he had done and buried my cock in his ass in one, hard thrust.

He moaned at the intrusion in his body and his eyes snapped open wide. I
watched his face and felt his ass muscles as the first shock of pain
relaxed into pleasure. When I felt his chute relax enough, I began to shove
my cock in and out. I started slowly but quickly built up both speed and
power. Before I knew it, I was pounding his butt hard and he was begging
for more!

"Yeah! Fuck, yeah! Pound that ass! Fuck me hard up my butt! Make me feel
it!" he babbled as I continued to give him what he wanted.

I thought, that because I had already cum and was wearing a condom, that
this fuck would take longer - that I wouldn't feel the intensity of
it. Fuck! Was I wrong! Before I knew it, I was reaching the point where I
could feel my cum rising from my balls and knew it was only seconds before
I would shoot. Suddenly, his ass began gripping my cock so hard I thought
it would break off while his cock began unloading his cum all over his face
and chest. That did it for me! I gave one long moan, buried my cock as far
in his butt as I could get and shot my load.

His ass continued to spasm around my cock as his body continued to quake
after his orgasm. I stayed where I was, my cock buried in his ass until I
finally felt his hole relax completely. At that point, I carefully pulled
my cock from his hole, making sure that the condom stayed on my cock.  Then
I moved up and laid down beside him. He turned to me and I took him in my
arms. He rested his head against my chest and gently began kissing me
there. I stroked his head and his shoulder while we lay there, lost in our
love for each other.

"Scott, can I ask you something?" Jason said.

"Sure, anything, lover." I answered.

"Can you cook?" he asked, looking up at me and grinning.

"Sure. My mom started teaching me years ago. Why?" I asked. I should have
known!

"Because I'm really fucking starving!" Jason moaned.

The end of Part 14 of THE MARINE NEXT DOOR

If you like the story, please write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. Please don't
make plot suggestions as by the time you read this, the entire story has
already been written.

If you want to have a complete listing of my stories on NIFTY (the ONLY
place I post them) write me and I will gladly send it to you.

And if you're reading this on NIFTY (more especially if you're not) please
consider making a donation to the site to keep it operating and free! Thank
you!

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Mon, 1 Jul 2002 16:21:28 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: THE MARINE NEXT DOOR 13

Disclaimer: This is just a story. And it's about a Marine - actually
several Marines. None of them are real one, of course. Kind of a melding of
a lot of Marine's I've had the honor to have known in my life. Any
resemblance to any actual Marine is purely coincidence - but if there is, I
do wish he'd write me! Anyway, you know the drill, if you don't like sex
between males, what are you doing here? And if your Country, State,
Province, City, Town or Village won't let you read this kind of stuff -
MOVE!!! Somewhere where you can!

This story is dedicated to my friend PUP, who just LOVES Marines and
stories about them. I hope he loves this one. And I kind of hope it would
come true for him.

You have heard now from all four of the main characters. Brian now returns
as the narrator.

THE MARINE NEXT DOOR - Part 13
by RimPig (c) 2002

I had been really shocked the night before when, laying in Ty's arms I had
told him about Scott. I didn't even get to ask him about the possibility of
him living with us when he interrupted me and told me not only what I was
going to ask, but that his answer was "yes"! The meeting the next morning
at the hospital had gone far better than I had even hoped! I could see that
"Big Brother" thing coming out of Ty and knew that, whether Scott was aware
of it or not, he just got the best protector, mentor and 'father figure',
he could ever have wished for!

After Ty left, I left Scott and Jason together with strict orders.

"Now listen, both of you! I don't want you two doing anything to shock my
staff! Scott will be released soon and Then Jason, you and I will take him
home. You can help me get him settled and then I've got to get back
here. So you two will have plenty of time alone. Ok?" I asked.

They both blushed. They were so cute!

"Now, I've got to get Scott set up with a doctor and I need to make some
phone calls. It's going to be about two hours before we can get everything
set up and you out of here, Scott. I would suggest, Jason, that you go down
and get some breakfast. I know you haven't had anything to eat yet, have
you?" I asked.

"No, sir!" he responded.

I stopped for a second. I guess I was using that 'command voice' that Ty
says I have. I walked over and brushed my hand over Jason's impossibly
short hair, feeling it tickle my hand. Then I leaned down and kissed him on
the cheek.

"Jason, if you're going to make love to this guy, you're going to need all
the strength you've got.  So go down and get some fuel in you before you
pass out. Ok?" I said gently to him.

He smiled and blushed at me.

"Ok." he said.

"And as for you, young man." I said, turning to Scott. "We need to see
about getting you some clothes. Or do you have some stashed somewhere?"

"No, I got ripped off a couple of nights ago at a place I was
crashing. They took everything I had." he said.

"Well, then we'll do a little shopping on the way home as well then. We'll
also need to apply for your birth certificate and social security card so
that we can get you enrolled in school. I'm going to talk to one of the
case managers in our social services unit that I know and get her working
on that. Until then, you both just sit tight. Ok?" I asked.

"Yes!" they both said, almost at once. And then sat there grinning like
idiots at each other.

Yes, Ty was right! They had it bad!

I went back to my office and placed a call to the doctor who heads up the
ward. David Droller is the best infectious disease specialist I know. He's
been involved in the AIDS crisis for almost for as long as the disease has
been around. Long before it was even known as AIDS. I remember having a
conversation with his wife one night at a hospital dinner when she told me
about the 'bad old days' when AIDS just killed everyone who got it. She
told me David had been so demoralized watching all of these young men die
that he had been very difficult to live with through that time.  But now
that there was at least a way to treat the disease and to keep those
infected living longer, he had completely changed. She told me he was a joy
to live with again.

I could imagine what he had gone through. I've lived all my life with AIDS
as a reality. It must have been very difficult for those who suddenly found
themselves fighting this all our war with something that no one had ever
seen before and apparently was so deadly that everyone who got it died -
and died quickly. How horribly demoralizing it must have been for a doctor,
someone dedicated to saving lives, who had to stand there and watch all of
these people die and not only not know what was killing them but have no
way to help them either!

Dr. Droller came on the line and I talked to him about Scott. I told him I
knew that we could get him on Ryan White funding for medications and case
management, but I wondered if he would consider taking him on as a
patient. Since Scott had no insurance, I offered that Ty and I would pay
for his treatment if he would take Scott on as a patient.

"What, are you crazy! You couldn't afford me!" he laughed.

"Dr. Droller, this is very important to us. We'll pay whatever it is." I
told him.

"Why is this kid so important?" he asked.

"Well, he's going to be living with us. His parents threw him out on the
streets when he was only 15! He had to sell his body just to get food and a
place to live. He's a good kid! He doesn't deserve what's happened to him!"
I pleaded.

"Damned parents! Ought to be in jail for doing something like that!" he
swore.

I was shocked, I'd never heard him swear before! Most doctors, particularly
around nurses, sounded worse than longshoremen down on a dock! But
Dr. Droller never swears! It was an indication of how upsetting what I told
him was.

"Ok. Call the office. Tell Maggie to schedule the kid. I'll do him pro
bono." he said.

"Oh, doctor! Thank you! Thank you so much!" I was overwhelmed by his
generosity.

"Well, if he's living with you and Ty, he ought to be covered under the
hospitals plan anyway!  He'd get to see me for free then anyway. So I'm
just doing what this place ought to do!" he said.

And he hung up. He could be like that, somewhat crusty and very abrupt. But
those of us on 4 North had seen him, too many time, sitting at the bedside
of a dying patient with no friends and family, holding their hand and
comforting them in their final hours. He had a very deep and compassionate
love of people that he had to keep hidden or else it would make him too
vulnerable.

I next put in a call to Mom to see if she was in her office. I told her I
needed to see her and would be right down. I went to her office and her
secretary ushered me right in. I collapsed in one of the chairs. It wasn't
even noon yet and I was already exhausted and hadn't gotten a second wind
yet.

"Well, you look like you've been through the ringer! I told Ty that you
should have taken today off! Stayed up too late and had too much fun,
didn't you!" she laughed.

"Mom, I wish it was only that! By the way, thank you for all you did for
us! Last night was one of the most beautiful nights of my life! Look what
Ty gave me!" I said, holding out my left hand with the beautiful diamond
ring on it.

"Oh, how beautiful!!! He told me about them, but they were wrapped so I
didn't get a chance to see them! Your mate has VERY good taste for a male!
Must be a gay thing, huh?" she laughed.

"No, Mom. It's not a 'gay' thing! It's a Ty thing! He knew exactly what he
wanted and what I would love. He has an unerring sense of what makes me
happy. I am the luckiest man in the world!" I told her.

"Well, I've got to agree with that one!" she said.

"But there's something else, Mom. Something very serious I need to talk to
you about." I said, my voice displaying the seriousness of what I wanted to
discuss.


"What is it, sweetie?" she said, concern coming in her voice and on her
face.

I told her the story of Scott. I even included the budding relationship
with Jason. I told her of Ty and my's decision to give him a home and take
care of him until he was old enough to go out on his own.

She sat there listening while I told her the whole story. I finished and
she continued to sit there, not saying anything for a long time. Finally,
when I was getting really nervous about her reaction, she spoke.

"Well, I'm not real happy about you lying to me." she said, a gleam in her
eye.

"What are you talking about?!" I asked. I had never lied to her!

"You promised me when you and Ty became lovers that I wouldn't be a
grandmother!" she laughed.

I stared at her in disbelief! And then I remembered the conversation of
four years ago and began laughing myself.

"I understand how you feel, sweetie. I just hope that you and Ty haven't
bitten off more than the two of you can chew. This boy's been badly hurt,
not just physically but emotionally and psychologically. He may not be as
easy to deal with as you think." she said, seriously.

"You may be right, Mom. But I don't think you're taking all the factors
into consideration. First of all, there's Ty. He's had extensive training
in leadership in the Corps. He's such an 'alpha male' that he hardly needed
more than refinement, I'm sure. I can already tell that Scott is connecting
him in a kind of older brother/father sense. That will give him some
stability. Then there's Jason.  Mom, I can't even begin to explain to you
the healing power that comes from love. Or maybe I can. Have I ever told
you about the 'Sacred Band'?" I asked her.

"No, Brian. Who are they, a rock group?" she asked.

I started to laugh but instead told her the history of the legendary
fighting force composed of male lovers. I explained to her the parallel's
to Scott and Jason. How by involving Jason in helping Scott to recover from
the abuse he's received could well not only heal, but keep Scott in line
while the healing happens.

"Well, that is really fascinating! I never knew such a thing ever existed!
I guess there's more to 'gay history' than I would have suspected. You seem
to have thought all this out. Have you also thought out your role in all of
this?" she asked.

"Well, I just figured I could pitch in wherever I could help." I said.

"Oh, don't fool yourself, Brian! You have the most important role in this
of anyone! You're the facilitator! You're the one who is going to make sure
that everything happens and everybody fulfills their role. More
importantly, you're the real role model for Scott! I see the parallels to
your 'Sacred Band' but I see even greater parallels to you and Ty! Scott is
going to be looking to you for how to be a man and Jason's lover." she
said.

I was shocked, not for the first time, at how perceptive my mom is! She
could see things I couldn't even see - and she'd never even met Scott or
Jason!

"No. I never even thought of that. I guess that's why I wanted so badly to
talk this over with you.  I tried to talk to you yesterday, but you were
hiding out!" I grinned.

"Yes, hiding out with your lover in your kitchen!" she laughed. "Well, when
do I get to meet my grandson, anyway? Or is it grandsons?"

"The two of them are up in Scott's room right now. As soon as Scott's
released, Jason and I are going to go and buy him some clothes and then
take him home and get him settled in. I'll be back later. I do want to give
them some time alone to adjust to everything." I told her.

"Well, I've heard sex called a lot of things, but never adjustment!" she
laughed.

"Mom!" I exclaimed, blushing red.

"Oh, come on, Brian! Their 16 and 19 year old males! If they aren't working
on cars or surfing, what else do they do?!" she laughed.

I grinned. She was right, as usual.

"Well, come on. Let's go upstairs so I can meet them. They might as well
get used to Grandma!"  she laughed.

When we got to Scott's room, I was surprised to see the two of them not
even sitting close to one another. I guess my words of warning had some
effect on dampening their hormones for a while, anyway. As soon as Jason
saw that there was an older woman with me, he quickly got to his feet.  One
thing that the Corps was good for was teaching manners!

"Scott, Jason, I want you to meet my Mom, Mrs. Connors. She's the
Supervisor of Nursing here at the hospital." I said.

"Please, boys, call me Beverly. How are you doing, Scott." she said, going
over to the bed and putting her hand on his shoulder.

"I'm great, now! I guess Brian's told you about me living with him and Ty?"
he asked.

"Yes, love, he has. That's why I'm here. Since my two 'boys' have decided
to 'adopt', I figured I'd better come up and meet my grandsons!" she
laughed.

The look on Scott and Jason's faces was priceless! I think both of their
jaws dropped at exactly the same time!

"You mean you know all about...." Scott began and then stopped, not knowing
exactly how to put what he wanted to say.

"Yes, Scott. I know all 'about'. I love my son and I love the man he
loves. No matter what some people think, there is nothing in this world
wrong with loving somebody. No matter what sex they happen to be. I also
know that you and Jason are becoming close. And I think that if you really
care about each other then that is wonderful! It is the very best thing
that can happen in anybody's life - to fall in love. Don't you think that,
Scott?" she asked, looking into his eyes.

"Oh, yes!" Scott answered.

It was obvious that nobody had ever really said something like this to
Scott. Had never told him that there was nothing wrong with what he was or
what he was feeling. Especially someone who was old enough to be his parent
and wasn't gay.

I could also see Jason looking at Scott and at my mother. He realized what
she was doing. She was working as hard as she could to take any shame that
Scott might be feeling away. Jason looked at my mom with such gratitude!
She finally turned and noticed him and called him over to the bed next to
Scott.

"My, Jason, you are a very fine looking young Marine! And I guess I've
become a judge of Marines since meeting up with Ty and his two friends, Tim
and Domingo." she said.

At the names of his two other buddies, Jason's eye's lit up.

"I'm friends with all three of them!" he said.

"Well, then you're already one of the family! Did you know that my Dad was
a Marine?" she asked Jason.

"No!" Jason said.

"Yes. He fought in World War II, Korea and was killed in action in Viet Nam
long before you were born. He won the Navy Cross and the Congressional
Medal of Honor, though they were both awarded posthumously. I still have
them at home." she said.

"Wow!" Jason exclaimed. "A Congressional Medal of Honor! You're Dad was a
hero!"

"Yes, Jason he was. But as a little girl growing up without a father, I'd
wished he had been less of one. A medal can't tuck you into bed at night or
read you stories." she said wistfully.

I suddenly understood how painful mom's childhood must have been without a
father. Just like mine. Except she never found a man to love her the way
she needed like I'd found Ty.

"I'm sorry." Jason said.

"Oh, don't be, sweetie!" she said, leaning over and giving him a little
peck on the cheek which caused him to blush. "I've come to realize that my
Daddy did the only thing he could do - live honorably serving his
country. He died for something he believed in. And I will always be proud
of him for that."

Jason grinned at her.

"Now, I want you boys to both understand something. I'm the grandmother
around here! My job is to spoil both of you and do everything I can to make
you feel loved. I want you to know you can come to me about anything in the
world. I'll listen and I'll try to help. Just know that I love both of you,
just as I love my other two sons. But, since I'm their 'mom' - I don't have
to spoil them!" she laughed.

Scott was entranced by her! Mom certainly could weave a spell when she
wanted to! Scott reached out and put his arms around her and she hugged him
tight. Then she hugged Jason, who I knew wanted to do the same thing as
Scott but was hesitating. Another 'alpha male', I thought to myself!
Willing to meet the needs of everybody else and not able to ask for his
own. Well, Ty could work with him on that one!

Mom reached into her pocket and pulled out the little leather case she
always carries and handed me her credit card.

"Here, Brian, you buy my new grandson some nice clothes. Oh, and do
yourself a favor - get him a portable CD player and some CD's. Otherwise,
you'll have to listen to music blasting 24 hours a day!" she laughed.

"Mom, I did NOT blast the stereo 24 hours a day!" I said, offended.

"No, it was 22 hours a day! And I won't tell them what you were doing the
other two hours!" she laughed as she strode out of the room.

My face turned red as a beet! She could always do this to me!

Jason and Scott sat there laughing at my embarrassment until I turned and
gave them a look which told them just how close to the edge they were
pushing things. They got calm very fast.  Good! I can still maintain some
discipline around here.

"Ok, Scott, I checked at the desk on the way back here. The doctor's signed
the orders for your release and I have a prescription I need to pick up for
you. We have an appointment with Doctor Droller for two days from now, so
let's get out of here." I said.

Scott just sat there.

"What's the matter, Scott? You like it in here or something?" I asked.

"No! But I don't know where my clothes are! I can't leave in this thing!"
he said, pointing to the hospital gown.

"Oh! Shit! Sorry! I'll go find out where they put them!" I said, as I left
the room.

I ran into Belle in the hall.

"Where'd they put Scott's clothes after they brought him in?" I asked.

"We put them in the storage room with the spare linens. We weren't sure
what room he was going into at the time." she said.

"Ok, thanks. I'm going to take him out of here. We've got to buy him some
clothes and I'm going to get him settled at home and then I'll be back." I
told her.

"You're going to leave that child at him alone while you come back here!"
she said, her voice showing her strong disapproval.

"No! I'm not leaving him alone. Jason will be with him. I want to give them
some time alone." I told her.

"Well then you'd better give them these!" she said, reaching into her
uniform pocket and pulling out a handful of condoms!

"Good idea!"  And we both laughed together. I guess anyone with any sense
knew what those two would be up to the minute they were really alone
together!

I went and got Scott's clothes and then brought them back to his
room. Jason helped him get dressed. He was still pretty sore from the
beating he took at the hands of those five drunk assholes. When he was
ready, we all went down and got in my truck.

I took them to the nearest mall and let Jason and Scott start picking out
clothes. I quickly saw that Scott wanted Jason's approval on every piece of
clothing and Jason was not approving anything that looked the least bit
'sluttish'. Good for him! The stuff he was approving all made Scott look
good (he was such a beautiful boy, he looked good in almost anything!) but
was far more modest than I would have surmised that Jason would like to see
him in. Maybe he is more like Ty than I figured. Ty always likes me to look
good. But he told me that clothes do not turn him on - especially those
that are meant to be 'sexy'. He wants me out of my clothes for that! He
always says that naked skin is the sexiest thing on earth - other than a
male's natural scent!

I made sure we got enough clothes so that Scott could go to school and some
dress clothes as well. One piece of clothing I didn't buy Scott. Jason
bought him a t-shirt. It was olive green and said in black letters
"Property of the USMC" with the Marine Corps shield in black. Scott
insisted on putting it on as soon as we had paid for it. I then took them
to one of the music stores and let them pick out CD's and a portable CD
player. They also bought an extra pair of headphones and a splitter so that
both headphones could go in the player at the same time. I decided Mom's
idea about not having to listen to Scott's music all the time was a good
one.

I then took them to a shoe store and got Scott a couple of pairs of shoes
for school and a pair of dress shoes as well. That done, we headed back to
the apartment. Jason and Scott carried up all the packages and I showed
them the 2nd bedroom which Ty and I had meant to turn into some kind of den
but had never gotten around to it. It still had my old bed, dresser and
desk in it, so it was still perfectly set up for a boy.

Scott looked around and saw that there was a TV on the dresser and a
computer already on the desk. Ty never used the computer and I had a new
laptop which mom had given me as a graduation present so I told Scott he
could use it. He looked around the little room with it's old furniture and
suddenly started to cry. I was a little taken aback. I knew he probably
came from much nicer circumstances but this room wasn't that bad! I'd lived
in it for a long time!

I went over to him and he grabbed hold of me and held on like he was
drowning and I was a life- raft! I put my arms around him and asked him
what was wrong. When he got himself under control, he looked up at me with
his tear-stained face.

"Oh, Brian! I'm so grateful! This is so nice! You don't know the horrible
places I've had to live since my parents threw me out! I never thought I'd
ever have a room to myself or one this nice ever again in my whole life!
How can I ever repay you and Ty and your mom for all that you've done for
me?" he asked.

"I told you, Scott. You just be the best person you can be. That's payment
enough. Now I want to tell you and Jason something. You see that bed over
there?" I asked.

Scott nodded, wiping the tears from his face, as did Jason.

"Well, that's the very bed where I lost my virginity to a certain Marine
that I've been living with now for 4 years. I'm passing it on to both of
you on one condition..." I said.

They both looked at me questioningly.

"I want whatever you two do on that bed to be done out of love. And I don't
want you EVER to go to sleep in it mad at each other! If it takes all
night, you talk it out. Never, ever go to sleep angry with each other
because you'll wake up the next morning and your love for each other will
be all but gone." I said.

They both nodded their head solemnly. I kissed both of them on the cheek.

"I'm going to head back to the hospital now. I only ask that you not get
naked until I at least have a chance to get out of the parking lot! Ok?" I
laughed.

They both blushed and nodded their heads in agreement.

I got back to the hospital and called Ty at the garage.

"I just left the 'kids' at home. I'd suggest you not go anywhere near there
for at least a couple of hours!" I laughed.

"No, I figure I don't want to sit there and listen to their moans like I
used to have to do with these two sex-monkeys I work with! So when do you
figure you'll get out of there, Bri?" he asked.

"I figure I'll be home around six tonight. I want to come home and spend
some time with my sex- monkey!" I said.

"You didn't get enough last night?" he laughed.

"No, why? Did you?" I asked.

"I never can get enough of you!" he said.

"And that goes double for me! And besides with those two running around
with their hormones on 'high output', I figure it's going to give us some
inspiration!" I giggled.

"Oh, like we need any 'inspiration'!" he laughed.

"So you'll be home, too?" I asked.

"You're getting home early for once and you're already making me hard over
the phone? I wouldn't miss it for the world!"

"I love you, Ty." I said quietly.

"And I love you, Bri." he said.

As I hung up the phone, I looked down and saw that diamond gleaming on my
hand. I belonged to him. His 'mark' was visible on me now. And I wore it
proudly.

I got home that night on time for once. I wanted to try to establish some
kind of routine now that we had the responsibility of Scott. I knew I
wouldn't always be able to get home on time, but when I couldn't, I knew
that Ty would be there with him. And that was a very good thing. I really
wanted Ty and Scott to get to know each other. I still felt that Ty could
have a very stabilizing influence on Scott.

I opened the door to the apartment and was shocked to smell something good
coming out of the kitchen! Surely, Ty wasn't cooking! Certainly, the
kitchen NEVER smelled that good when he did! I walked in and there was
Scott cooking and Jason helping him.

"Hi, guys. What's up?" I asked.

Scott turned around from the stove, saw me and grinned. He walked over,
gave me a hug and a kiss on the cheek.

"I'm making dinner for us!" he said.

"You can cook?!" I exclaimed.

"Yeah, my mom started teaching me years ago! I'm really pretty good at it!"
he said proudly.

"If it tastes as good as it smells, you truly are! And, thank God! Ty can
barely boil water! Most of the time when I was in Nursing School we lived
on take-out! I'll bet several pizza parlors and Chinese places have gone
out of business since I graduated!" I laughed.

"Well, you don't have to worry about that, now! I love to cook! And I want
to be able to do something around here to help out." he said, giving me a
shy smile.

'And making yourself a part of the family in the process.' I thought to
myself. Good!

"I hope you guys weren't too bored here all alone this afternoon." I said,
my tongue planted firmly in my cheek.

They both blushed. Well! The deed has been done. For good or bad, these two
were now lovers.  It was not going to be an easy relationship. With Scott's
illness, their future was very much up in the air. But they were both young
and, at their age, the future was hardly past next week. I prayed that they
would never have to face what I had seen so much of on the ward.

"Is Ty home yet?" I asked.

"Yes. He got home about half an hour ago. He said he'd be waiting for you
when you got home.  In your bedroom." Scott sniggered.

"That's enough out of you! You think because you're sixteen that you
invented sex?" I asked the little shit.

"No, but trust me, I'm damned good at it!" he laughed.

"Well, I'll let Jason be the judge of that. And, no, Jason! I don't want to
hear your assessment!  Just all us when dinner's ready!" and I left them in
the kitchen and went in search of my lover.

Ty was lying on our bed, wearing nothing but a pair of jockey shorts. His
eyes were closed and his breathing was deep. I stood there just looking
down at him. I always loved watching him when he was asleep. At times, he
looked just like he must have looked when he was a little boy. When his
face looked like that, it often brought tears to my eyes, I felt so deeply
in love with him. I never told him about those times. He'd just think I was
silly.

As I stood there watching him, he seemed to sense I was in the room and
gradually opened his eyes.

"Hey, babe! When did you get home?" he asked.

"Just now. I just saw Scott in the kitchen cooking dinner. With Jason's
help, of course." I smiled.

"Yeah, I saw them when I got home. It sure smelled good, whatever he's
making!" Ty said.

"Yes. At least we won't have to eat take-out or your attempts at cooking
anymore!" I laughed.

"And, it gives us time for other things." he gave me a horny grin and
reached out his arm for me.

I quickly pulled off my clothes and curled up next to him naked. He pulled
me into his arms and kissed me deeply. I wrapped my arms around him and
held him tight. I never stopped wanting to be in his arms like this. I
seemed always to be living for the times when he was holding me. It wasn't
about sex. It was about the touch, the feel, the scent of him surrounding
me. I felt so safe and so secure in his arms. I'm sure that a shrink would
put it off to some type of 'abandonment issues' over my father. But I
didn't care. I'd found the cure for all that, right here in bed with Ty.

I slid my hand down to his chest and started playing in the golden hair
there. I never got tired of feeling that lush growth of soft fur on his
chest. He chuckled deep in his throat, feeling me at his chest hair
again. I never could keep my hands out of it. I felt his hand slide down my
back and cup one of my buns. His fingers began to stroke deep into the
trench of my butt. I knew what he was doing. He knew if he did that for
very long, I was going to want to have his cock up inside me.  And it was
certainly working!

He pushed me over on my back and knelt over me while he worked his
underwear off his hips.  His hard cock flopped out and he lay down on me as
our two rampant cocks rubbed and drooled cock-honey against one another. He
moved his body down mine and began chewing on my nipples. I moaned and
pressed my chest to his sucking mouth moaning as he moved to the other
one. He continued down my body until he buried his face in my sweaty
crotch. He licked around my cock and then started in on my balls.

I moaned louder as he continued licking on down to my ass. He pushed my
legs back and buried his face in my sweaty trench. I could feel his tongue
licking up and down my crack and then shoving his tongue deep in my hole. I
reached down and pulled my ass cheeks apart so that he could get
deeper. Now he was moaning and the tremors were going up my ass and deep
into my guts.

He pulled his face out of my ass, and I expected he would put his cock to
my hole and fuck me.  Instead, he moved up the bed and lay down next to
me. I looked over at him and wondered what the fuck was going on. He smiled
at me.

"If you want to get fucked, you're going to have to do it yourself. Just
climb aboard!" he grinned.

At first I didn't get it. In the four years we had been fucking each other,
we'd never done it this way. I wasn't exactly sure what I was supposed to
do, but I was game to try. I moved up and stood up on the bed with his
crotch between my feet. I squatted down while I reached down and took his
hard cock and brought it to my eager hole. I began to sink slowly down on
his cock. It was interesting feeling him entering me this way. I noticed
that his cock slid right over my hard prostate as I slid further down. I
finally felt his pubic hair rubbing into my asshole and knew I had hit
bottom.

Ty put his hands under my ass and help me lift off, then I dropped back
down and felt his hard cock crash into my ass. I moved more quickly the
next time until I was driving myself up and down on his cock. I loved this!
I could look down and see Ty grinning up at me as I fucked myself on his
cock! And he reached up and began playing with my cock as I did. I knew
this was not going to be a long fuck. I could feel the cum rising from my
balls already.

I moved up and down faster and faster. Ty let go of my cock and put his
hands behind his head and tilted his pelvis. I suddenly felt his cock shift
angle in my ass so that it was stabbing my prostate with each slide down
his cock. I moaned and let go. My cock started spewing cum all over Ty's
chest and abs. My orgasm seemed to go on forever, and I could feel that I
had pushed Ty over the edge as well. He stabbed his cock repeatedly up into
my ass as I felt it pulse out his cum into my willing ass.

I collapsed over him on my knees, his cock ripping from my ass. I leaned
down and kissed him deeply as he reached up and pulled me all the way down
on top of him, gluing us together with my cum. I breathed in the scent of
my cum, my ass and his sweat.

"See, I don't have to get all worn out this way." Ty chuckled in my ear.

"Ok, I loved it. But I think we should save this way for when I haven't
been on my feet all day at the hospital, hmm?" I said.

"Ok, maybe it's not the best way when you're tired. But it was still fun!"
he said. "I loved watching you sliding up and down my cock and I loved
watching your cock just standing up and swaying with your movements!" he
said.

"I'm glad males are visually stimulated." I laughed.

"Yeah! I sure am, especially when my lover is dancing on my cock!" he
laughed.

"Well, I want to go take a shower." I said, struggling to get up off him
and the bed.

Ty, on the other hand, Ty bounded off the bed and grabbing me, picked me up
in his arms and carried me into our shower. He set me on my feet and then
adjusted the water. He took the shower gel and began to rub it into my
body. He massaged my shoulders and my chest and I moaned as I felt my tense
muscles begin to relax. He made me sit down in the shower while he sat
across from me. He took one of my legs onto his lap and began to massage my
foot. I moaned as he gently but strongly massaged the pain from my feet. He
even worked on my toes! Then his hand moved up my legs and massaged me. All
the pain left my lower extremities as his talented, strong hands moved over
me.

Then he raised up over me and kissed me gently on my lips. I put my arms
around his neck and pulled him closer and shoved my mouth against his and
pushed my tongue into his mouth to taste him. We were just getting to the
point of starting all over again, when he heard a knock at the bathroom
door. We looked at each other as Jason's voice came through the door.

"Hey, guys! Come on. Scott says dinner's ready!" he said.

The end of Part 13 of THE MARINE NEXT DOOR

If you like the story, please write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. Please don't
make plot suggestions as by the time you read this, the entire story has
already been written.

If you want to have a complete listing of my stories on NIFTY (the ONLY
place I post them) write me and I will gladly send it to you.

And if you're reading this on NIFTY (more especially if you're not) please
consider making a donation to the site to keep it operating and free! Thank
you!

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Fri, 28 Jun 2002 20:23:53 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: THE MARINE NEXT DOOR 12

Disclaimer: This is just a story. And it's about a Marine - actually
several Marines. None of them are real one, of course. Kind of a melding of
a lot of Marine's I've had the honor to have known in my life. Any
resemblance to any actual Marine is purely coincidence - but if there is, I
do wish he'd write me! Anyway, you know the drill, if you don't like sex
between males, what are you doing here? And if your Country, State,
Province, City, Town or Village won't let you read this kind of stuff -
MOVE!!! Somewhere where you can!

This story is dedicated to my friend PUP, who just LOVES Marines and
stories about them. I hope he loves this one. And I kind of hope it would
come true for him.

This is the continuation of Ty's Story. You have heard now from all four of
the main characters.  At the conclusion of Ty's Story, Brian will return as
the narrator.

THE MARINE NEXT DOOR - Part 12
by RimPig (c) 2002

TY'S STORY, Continued:

A few months later, Brian graduated from Nursing school. His mom, as the
nursing supervisor of the hospital, got to hand him his degree and pin his
nursing pin on him. Tim, Domingo and I were in the audience and when Bri's
mom pinned him, the cheer that went up from just the three of us would have
done and entire Marine company of guys proud! I certainly was proud of
Brian.  Prouder of anyone than I'd ever been in my whole life. It was a
rough three years for us. But we hung in there and made it through. Our
love for each other had never dimmed. We were, if it were possible, more
deeply in love with each other than we had ever been.

We hung around the graduation reception for a short while and then Bri's
mom came up to me.

"Why don't you two slip out now and go home. I know that you have some
celebrating of your own to do." she said quietly.

I blushed. His mom was always doing that to me! You'd think after all this
time I'd be used to the fact that she just speaks her mind without pulling
any punches, but it's still a bit disconcerting to me. Especially when it
comes to me and Bri.

But disconcerting or not, I loved her suggestion. I told Dom and Tim that I
was going to take Brian home and they gave me knowing grins. I then went
over to where Brian was.

"Your mom suggested to me that we go home and have our own celebration." I
whispered in his ear.

He looked at me and then started giggling quietly. "That sounds like Mom!
But she does have some very good ideas, sometimes!" he said quietly while
he surreptitiously stroked the back of his hand against my cock. I went
almost instantly bone hard!

"Now look what you've done!" I laughed. "How the hell am I going to get out
of here without everybody seeing that I'm hard!"

"Let 'em look! They can just envy the fact that I'm going home with that!"
he giggled again.

We made it out the door and to my Jeep. It was very uncomfortable driving
with a hardon, but I didn't have much choice as Brian kept his hand on my
crotch, stroking it the whole way home!  And I wasn't about to tell him to
stop! It felt too good!

We made it back to our apartment and inside the door before we started
stripping each other. A trail of clothes led from the door of the apartment
to the door of our bedroom. But I grabbed Bri's arm before he could get
inside. I pulled him into my arms for a quick kiss and then reached down
and lifted him into my arms and carried him to the bed.

Talk about 'caveman' mentality! Ever since that first night, I have loved
carrying Brian in my arms. It was like saying 'Yes! This is mine!' but it
also gives me a feeling of being his protector.  And I knew, from the very
first night, that it was something that he loved because it gave him that
feeling of male protection which he missed by not having his father around.

I laid him on the bed and got in next to him. I took him in my arms and
kissed him deeply. He returned my kiss with such fervor it all but took my
breath away. Despite the years that we have been together, nothing has
changed in our feelings towards each other except to make them
deeper. There was no one that I would rather be with than Brian and he was
clearly showing me tonight that he felt the same.

I could feel Brian's hard cock pushing against my stomach as I held him. I
knew he was incredibly horny but I wasn't going to rush things. It had been
a while since we had all the time in the world to make love to each other
and I was going to take full advantage of it.

I took one of Brian's hands in mine and began to gently suck at his index
finger. I moaned and looked into my eyes. He knew what my actions meant. He
knew that I was not going to stop until my tongue had tasted almost every
part of his body. He also knew that I was not about to let him cum before I
finished. I rolled him over onto his back and got over him, sitting on his
hips, his hard cock trapped beneath me where he couldn't get to it. I
continued sucking each of his fingers into my mouth and then licked the
palm of his hand. I moved on to his wrist and then the rest of his forearm
and into the crook of the elbow where the sensitive skin caused shivers to
go through Bri's body which I could feel. I continued up the inside of his
arm until I reached his armpit.

I raised Bri's arm above his head and buried my nose in his pit, taking
deep breaths of his scent. It was strong and male. Ever since that first
night, I have loved the scent of my lover. There was something about it,
some kind of 'throw-back' to a more primitive time, in my attraction to
it. I know that the special sweat glands in a male's armpits and groin
exude pheromones which are meant to attract a mate. Bri's certainly
attracted me! I have come to believe, that on some unconscious level people
can still react to this natural attractor. And it is this attraction to
male pheromones, along with other factors, which biologically determines
that a guy will be attracted more to members of his own sex. I know that
the scent of other males is stimulating to other males, even those who
consider themselves heterosexual, which I have come to believe is one of
the reasons that most guys experiment with gay sex at some time in their
lives.

I licked through both of his pits and then attacked his neck and ears. He
was quickly writhing beneath me, begging me to fuck him. But he knew
better! He knew I was not about to get him off until I had devoured
practically every part of him. When we could find the time, this is the way
I loved to make love to him. To stimulate his whole body until we were both
so hot that when it finally came time for me to enter him, the resulting
explosion was stupendous!

For the next hour, I worked on his body. In some parts, like his back and
legs, I would not only lick but massage as well. The only area of his body
I avoided was his cock. I left his balls and the trench of his ass for
last. By the time my tongue reached the entry to his body, I was dripping
enough cock-honey to lube him without any gel and his hole was spasming
open and closed, practically sucking my tongue inside of him - desperately
wanting my cock.

Finally, I pushed his legs up to my shoulders and put the head of my cock
at his hole. I began slowly circling his opening with my cock, miking my
cock-honey out of my piss-slit so that it soaked his hole with
lubrication. I always loved fucking him this way, using only what nature
had provided us to fuck, as males are designed to. I slowly pushed forward
and my cock began its descent into his hot, wet insides. No matter how
often I fucked him, Bri's hole was always like a tight sheath around my
cock. Somehow he had learned how to ripple the muscles in his asshole,
causing it to massage and milk my cock from one end to the other. As I
bottomed out in his hole, I covered his mouth with mine as he groaned into
it. I knew that groan! It was Brian's way of telling me that he once again
felt one with me - as I felt with him.

I slowly began to fuck him, taking only short movements in and out of his
chute. I built slowly until I was dragging my entire cock out of his butt,
leaving only the head inside his ass-ring, and then plunging full in to
where my pubic hairs were crushed against his ass. I set up a rhythm which
I knew that would allow me to hold off cumming for a while and just enjoyed
the feel of his butt and the moans and tremors of his body. I could feel
the head of my cock grazing lightly over Brian's butt-nut and could see the
tremors in his cock each time I did. One of the things about making love to
him this way was that it guaranteed that he would get off on my cock
fucking him alone. He didn't need to touch himself at all. I really loved
the feeling of being able to get him off with just my cock.

Finally, I couldn't take anymore and I could tell from how hard Brian's
butt-nut had become that he couldn't either. I began banging way at his
butt as hard as I could and within moments, Brian was shooting cum all over
his chest and abdomen. The clenching of his ass around my cock as he came
did it for me. I buried my bone in his butt and shot like my balls were
trying to come out through my cock! As I held myself up by my arms over
him, I could feel cum leaking out of his butt-hole around my cock.  I
wanted to rest, but I had two jobs left.

First, I slowly pulled my cock from his ass and leaned down and began to
lick all of Brian's cum from his body. I loved the taste of his cum, it was
always so sweet with very little saltiness to it.  Then I raised his legs
again and, locking my mouth to his hole, sucked my load from his ass and
licked up any cum which had run down the trench of his butt. Finally,
lowering his legs, I crawled up next to him and collapsed on my side,
pulling him to me. He kissed me all over my face.

"That was incredible, Ty! I don't think I've ever wanted you more than I
did today! How did I ever deserve having someone like you to make love to
me?" he murmured in my ear.

"I'll answer that when you can tell me how I was lucky enough to ever find
you!" I said.

And I meant it! I have to believe there is a God! I was so desperately
lonely when I met Brian. I'd had a lot of fun with a lot of guys, but it
had all become very empty and meaningless. What I wanted was someone to
love who would love me. But the guys I was finding for sex were too much
like me! They were using sex as a substitute for any kind of real emotional
involvement or commitment. But I didn't want a substitute. I wanted that
involvement! I wanted that commitment!

At first, I couldn't believe that Brian was it. I mean, I felt it. But he
was still a virgin when we met. I was the only man who had ever made love
to him. And, while I knew he was incredibly loving and giving and
everything I was looking for, I just didn't believe at first that he was
ready to make the kind of commitment to a relationship that I wanted. But I
was quickly convinced that Brian was an entirely different kind of male
than the one's I had been finding. He wasn't interested in "the hunt". He
wasn't interested in conquest. He wanted love, he wanted to make love. He
was ready to find one guy and make a life with him without going through
all the "sowing his wild oats" that so many guys seem to need - and end up
sowing so many oats that they never get around to harvesting them! Never
get around to finding the one thing that they need. Someone to really love
who really loves them! The substitute of 'hot' sex for love becomes a total
way of life for them. And many of them end up very lonely.

I didn't want to end up that way, and Brian didn't either. This is not to
say that either of us in any way 'settled' for the other. We were hot for
each other the moment we met. But the rest of it, the love, the respect we
have for each other, the commitment we have to each other - that grew as
well, almost from the first moment. There were times, I would look at Brian
sleeping in my arms and tears would come to my eyes as emotions of
gratitude and love welled up inside of me. He doesn't know about those
times. Maybe someday I'll tell him - like on our 50th Anniversary!

Speaking of anniversaries!

After Brian went to work for the hospital and became the nurse supervisor
for the AIDS ward, our 4th anniversary together was coming up. I called his
mom one day at the hospital and talked to her about what I wanted to do for
it. I wanted to re-create that dinner that Brian had cooked for Tim,
Domingo and me the first night that we met. I wanted to borrow her wedding
china, linens and crystal that Brian had used that night.

"Ty, I'd be glad to lend them to you, but I've got to ask you a
question...uh...who's going to cook?" she asked with some hesitation.

It was no secret that I am not someone who is comfortable in a kitchen. I
can make coffee and I can maybe scramble a couple of eggs and put toast in
a toaster, but that's about the extent of it.  Brian's tried to teach me
but while he was in school, we ate an awful lot of take-out and delivery!

"I just figured I'd order something in." I told her.

"Nope! That just will not do! You don't do take-out for a romantic dinner!
When is this?" she asked.

"Next Wednesday." I told her.

"Ok, I'm taking half a day off and I'm coming over there. I'll cook the
dinner. I'll make all of Brian's favorites and you and I can set the table
and get it ready. Then I'll leave and all you'll have to do is serve it!
Ok?" she said.

"I can't ask you to go through all that trouble!" I told her.

"Trouble? Nonsense! What's a mother for? Look, Ty, maybe I haven't said
this to you but I want you to know that I think that the day Brian met you
was the luckiest day of his life. I had no idea that a relationship could
ever make someone so happy! Certainly mine never did! You're the best man
I've ever met, next to my son. I think the world of you - and if you didn't
already have Brian and you went for women, I'd make a play for you myself!"
and with this she laughed.

I was blown away! I knew that she approved of me, but I didn't know she
thought THAT highly of me!

"I don't know what to say, other than I owe you everything for having
Brian, raising him the way you did and letting him become mine! He is the
best thing that ever happened or is ever going to happen in my life! And,
if I did go for women, I'd certainly take you up on that!" I laughed as
well, because the only other alternative was to cry, I was so touched by
her words.

"Ok, before we both start bawling over the phone, you meet me at the
apartment at noon on Wednesday. Listen, did he use the silver candlesticks
that night?" she asked.

"Yes, come to think of it, he did!" I suddenly remembered that.

"Yeah! I figured he did. He loves those things. All right! I'll bring them
along, too! See you Wednesday!" she said, hanging up.

Next, I told Tim and Domingo that I was going to go out for an hour or
so. I had an important errand to run and that I'd tell them about it when I
got back. I hopped into the Jeep and headed over to a jeweler that had been
doing business with our garage for the last year of so. I had in my pocket
Brian's high school class ring, which he never really wore, not feeling
very attached to a high school he only spent a year at. The man who I had
been bringing his car to us was named Richard and he owned a small shop
near our garage.

I found the shop and walked in, but I didn't see Richard. Richard was about
50 and was tall with black hair. I'd always gotten the feeling that he was
gay, particularly the way he always looked at me, kind of like he was
undressing me with his eyes. Nothing overt, actually subtle, but you don't
have to be gay or around other gay guys very long before you pick up on
things like that. I guess that's what we call 'gaydar'.

Anyway, a very nice looking man, somewhere in his forties, came up to me
and asked it he could help me. I told him I was looking for Richard. He
apologized, saying that Richard was up in Los Angeles on a buying trip and
asked if there was something he could do for me, that he was Roger,
Richard's 'partner'.

I don't know what it was exactly. Just the way he said 'partner' that led
me to believe that he meant that in more than business. The same way I
described Brian as my 'partner'.  And, to me anyway, Roger was obviously
gay - same feeling of being undressed visually.

"My name is Ty, I'm one of the owners of the garage where Richard brings
his car to be worked on." I explained.

"Oh, so you're Ty! Richard has spoken of you!" he said with a smile. Well,
that confirmed a lot of things to me!

"Yes, I wanted to purchase two rings." I told him.

"Getting married?" he asked, with just a hint of disappointment in his
voice.

"No, they're for me and my partner." I said, using the same word. "We've
been together four years next week. I feel it's about time we had rings." I
said.

He smiled at me. I guess that confirmed some things for him, too.

"What did you have in mind, Ty?" he asked.

"I want something really simple. I'm not into fussy jewelry and neither is
Brian." I said, actually using Brian's name. If that didn't confirm things
for him, nothing would!

"I see. Well, I do have two matching bands, very plain yellow gold. Each
has a one half carat diamond in it. Now, the stones are small, but of very
high quality VS1 and D color. You don't find a finer stone." he said and
opened one of the show cases and pulled two rings from a display and lay
them on a black velvet mat on the counter.

They were beautiful! The small diamond's sparkled like little suns,
flashing colors of light! And then bands surrounding them were simple,
polished gold. They were exactly what I was looking for! Beautiful but not
ostentatious. I picked up one of the rings and put it on the ring finger of
my left hand. I was shocked when it fit perfectly!

"Well, that won't have to be sized!" Roger said.

"How much are they?" I asked.

"We're asking $2,000 a piece for them." Roger said.

Fuck! I only had $2,000 to spend. I guessed I could just get one for Brian.

Roger noticed, I guess, that I blanched when he told me the price.

"Ty, how much did you plan to spend on the rings?" he asked me quietly.

"I've only got $2,000. I guess I can just get the one for Brian. I really
want to see my ring on his hand." I said.

"Well, let me see. Now, Richard tells me that you guys really take good
care of his car and you're the only honest mechanics he's ever found. He
also says you don't charge near what you could for the work you
do. Considering how often that damned car of his acts up - and he still
refuses to get another one - I figure you've saved him at least $2,000 over
the last two years. So we'll make the cost of these rings $2,000 for the
both of them." he said.

I couldn't believe it! I looked up at him and he was smiling. I was
completely blown away by his generosity! I never would have expected this!
I didn't know what to say!

"I'll take them! Thank you so much!" I said.

"Well, I can't have you running around without a ring, too! After all,
someone might get the mistaken impression that you were 'available'! We
can't have that, now can we. A lot of hearts could get broken that way!" he
laughed.

I stood there blushing. I still can't get used to the idea that guys
evidently really do find me very attractive. Oh, I know I'm not ugly or
anything. I don't scare dogs or children! But it's just that I know how
incredibly beautiful that Brian is to me. I don't think that I even
compare! But he keeps telling me how beautiful I am to him. I guess I'm
kind of glad I can't see it. I remember guys who were so convinced of what
hunks they were that the only thing they could ever 'marry' would be a
full-length mirror!

"Ok, now there's just one thing. Do you know Brian's ring size?" he asked.

"Well...no, but I brought a ring of his with me." I said, pulling the class
ring out of my pocket.

Roger took the ring and pulled out this long round metal rod with a
handle. It had marking all the way down it like a ruler and was thicker
towards the bottom than towards the top. He put the rod through the opening
in Brian's ring and let it drop onto the rod until it stopped. The
measuring makes told him what size the ring was and gave Brian's ring back
to me. Then he picked up the other diamond ring like the one I still had on
my finger and dropped it onto the rod.

"Well! If Brian hasn't grown any since he wore his class ring last, we
won't have to size this one either! It's exactly the same size!" he said.

I've got to tell you. I don't believe in coincidences. I knew right there
and then that I was meant to buy these rings for me and Brian! I took the
one off my finger and handed it back to Roger.

"Just wrap them up together. I think he's really going to love them." I
said.

"I certainly hope he does! But, if he doesn't, both of you come back with
them and pick out something he does like. We'll give you full trade in for
them." Roger told me.

"Thanks, that's very nice of you. But I don't think that's going to
happen. I know Bri is going to just love them." I assured him. "By the way,
how long have you and Richard been 'partners'?" I asked.

"We've been together for almost 25 years now." he smiled at me. "It feels
really strange saying that, I forget how long a time it's really been."

"Are you still...close?" I asked him, not knowing how else to put it.

"Are we still in love?" he laughed at my awkwardness. "Yes! We're still
very much in love. I love Richard more every day. The love is different
than it was at the beginning. It's deeper, richer, more meaningful now. How
long did you say that you and Brian had been together? Four years?"

"Yes, four years next Wednesday." I said.

"Ah! You two are still on your honeymoon!" he laughed. "But haven't you
found, even in four years that the love you feel for him has changed?"

"Yes. Just like you, I love him more every day. There is a bond between us
that is incredible! I don't even remember how I ever lived when he wasn't
in my life. That's why I wanted to get rings for us. We'll probably never
have a ceremony or anything, but I wanted something that said to the world
that we were together. I guess I'm pretty old fashioned, huh?" I shrugged.

"Not at all! Ever noticed the ring on Richard's finger?" he asked.

"The big gold one with the green stone?" I asked.

"Yes, that's the one. Green Imperial Chinese Jade, very old and very
valuable. See!" he said, holding out his hand. There was an identical ring
to the one that I'd seen Richard wear.

"Wow! That's really nice!" I said.

"I've worn this ring for over 20 years. Richard bought them when we were
first starting out both in love and in this business. We really couldn't
afford them, but Richard insisted. He wanted something valuable to show me
how much he valued me!" Roger said.

"That's it! That's exactly how I felt about these! I do value Brian so
much! And I think that these rings say that." I said.

"I couldn't agree with you more. Tell you what! Richard will be gone for a
few days yet. When he gets back, one of us will call you. We'd love to have
you and Brian over for dinner one night!" he said.

"That would be really nice! I'm sure Brian would love that as well! We'll
look forward to it!" I said.

We finished the transaction of putting the rings on my credit card and I
walked out of the store with them in a small box. Roger had wrapped the box
in white tissue paper and had even tied it with 'rainbow' ribbon.

When I got back to the shop, I told Dom and Tim about the rings and about
the dinner that Brian's mom was going to cook for us. They both
congratulated me and said that it didn't seem like it was four years
already. I said that I didn't either, that it felt sometimes like I had
only met Brian last week! Domingo guessed that I felt that way when I was
so horny for Brian and we all laughed.

That Wednesday, I met Brian's mom at the apartment at noon. She gave me all
the stuff to set the table with and went into the kitchen and started
cooking. I told her I needed to run to the store, that I wanted to get a
bottle of champagne to celebrate.

"You don't own a champagne bucket, do you?" she asked.

"No. What's that?" I asked.

"Oh, it's metal and it stands on long legs. It hold's the champagne in ice
until it served and keeps it cold while you drink it. If you go over to
that rental place over on Cohoya, you should be able to find one to rent
for the night." she said.

"Ok. I'll run and get that, too."

I rented the champagne bucket and went to the liquor store. I asked what
their best champagne was. They guy told me it was this stuff called Dom
Peringnon. I'd never heard of it, but at $90 bucks a bottle, it had better
be the best! I bought a bottle and headed back to the apartment.

I showed the bottle to Brian's mom.

"Yep! That's the best you can buy. I don't even want to know what it cost
you! Let's put it in the fridge and get it chilled. Go set the ice bucket
next to the table. You'll need to fill it with ice and put the champagne in
it right before Brian comes home." she said.

"But how am I going to know that? He never leaves when he's supposed to!
He's always getting home late." I said.

"Oh, I can take care of that!" his mom said and went to the phone.

She dialed the number to the hospital and asked for the desk on Brian's
floor.

"Belle, this is Beverly...Yes, dear...No, that's fine. I don't want to talk
to Brian. I don't want Brian to even know I called, ok?...No, nothing's
wrong. Ty and I are fixing up a little surprise for him. It's their
anniversary....Yes! Four years now! Isn't it wonderful!... Anyway, Belle,
Ty needs to know when Brian leaves the hospital. Could you call him when
you see Brian leave?....Good!  You've got the number, right?...Ok, thanks,
Belle!...Yes, alright. Good-bye."

Beverly turned to me. "Belle will call you when Brian leaves the
hospital. That should give you plenty of time to get things heated up and
ready. That is if you're going to eat first." she laughed.

I could feel the red rising in my face. Beverly always seems to have that
affect on me. I don't know if I'll ever get used to the fact that Brian's
mother knows that we're lovers and is happy about it. God knows, I cannot
picture either my mom or dad being as open and accepting of me sleeping
with another male!

Beverly finished cooking and gave me a list of everything that I needed to
do when Belle called. I tried to thank her for what she had done because
without her, I don't think I could have pulled this off half as well.

"Ty," she said, taking my had in hers. "Brian is my only child. My only
desire is to see him happy.  God knows his childhood wasn't what it should
have been! But for the past four years, Brian has been the happiest I have
ever seen him. And I know that the one and only reason for that is you.
There is nothing that I wouldn't do for the two of you! I hope you know
that. All you ever have to do is ask." she said, and then she reached up
and kissed me on the cheek.

I reached out and hugged her tightly to me. I truly felt like I had another
mom.

"Well! With hugs like those, no wonder Brian's smiling all the time!" she
laughed as I let her go.

I found myself laughing with her.

She left and I sat down, looking at the table, remembering that first
night. Brian had been like this eager little puppy when I first met him. I
knew right away that he was attracted to me. His eyes told me everything I
needed to know. And I kept catching him, whenever he got close to me,
taking deep breaths. I knew I was hot and sweaty and my scent was really
strong. I could tell that it was turning him on and that was such a turn on
to me! I have always loved the scent of a male's body. I don't like
perfumes and such! And to find somebody who felt the same way was somehow
extremely exciting to me!

The only thing I wasn't sure of was whether or not Brian knew that he was
attracted to me. I mean, he didn't seem like he knew the score at all. He
didn't come on to me the way most guys did. Didn't drop any hints, nothing!
I just thought at first that he was afraid because I was a Marine. Little
did I know that he was a virgin! It wasn't until that night, when I went to
take a shower, that I found out. I remember how he trembled in my arms when
I kissed him for the first time. It has always been deeply meaningful to me
that I was the first man to ever kiss him or ever make love to him.

Since everything was ready and all I had to do now was wait for Belle to
call with the news that Brian was on his way home, I decided to lie down
and take a nap. I had a feeling that it was going to be a long night and I
would need all the strength I had to make it through. I was dead asleep
when Belle finally called to let me know that Brian was on his way and to
wish us well on our anniversary. I couldn't believe how the staff at the
hospital had just accepted us as a couple. It was nice to know that people
could look past the prejudices in this world and recognize that two people
really loved one another and were committed to each other.

I went to the kitchen and, following Beverly's list, started getting things
ready. I heard Brian's key in the door and I was leaning on the doorframe
of the kitchen when he opened it and saw the table all set with his
mother's china and the champagne chilling in the champagne bucket. He came
over to me and I took him in my arms. He'd been working so hard and so many
hours lately he had completely forgotten about our anniversary, which is
what I had figured. That's why I planned this surprise for him.

The dinner went really well. We laughed and talked and reminisced about
when we first got together, how scared we both were of this love which was
now the very center of our lives. When we'd finished eating, I got him to
close his eyes and I went into our bedroom where I had stashed the rings. I
came back out and put them in front of him and told him to open his
eyes. He looked down and saw the box. I told him to open it.

The look on his face when he saw the two rings I had bought was worth three
times what I paid for them! He started to put one on, but I stopped him. I
took the ring away from him and got down on my knees next to him. I put the
ring on his finger using words from a wedding ceremony I had been to a few
months before when an old friend of mine from the Corps had gotten married.
I remembered those words because, when I heard them during the ceremony, it
was like a knife went through my guts! I wanted so much to 'marry'
Brian. To have a ceremony which would gather all our friends and family and
show the world how much I loved him. But I knew that was never going to
happen.

Brian cried when I put the ring on his finger, saying those words and
kissing the ring once it was on him. He took the other ring and saying the
words I'd just said to him, put that ring on my finger and kissed it. I
couldn't help myself, the tears were falling from my eyes as he did it. As
I heard him pledge his love to me forever, I just lost it. I knew he meant
those words as much as I did.

I then picked him up in my arms, just like that first night - and many
nights after - and carried him to our bed. I made love to him and he made
love to me. It was incredible to me that after four years of making love to
Brian, he turned me on more now than at the beginning! At first, I loved
him because he was so cute and so loving. Now, I loved him because he was
so incredibly strong and honorable! What he had gone through to be with me
and to still live out his dream of becoming a nurse, had moved me to
respect him in ways that I never thought possible. I guess I always thought
of myself as the 'strong' one in the relationship. These last four years
had taught me that Bri was every bit as strong, if not more so, than I am.

But a real surprise lay in store for me that night!

After we had made love for the second time, we were laying there, basking
in the after glow of our love when Brian suddenly said that he needed to
talk with me about something. Just the way he said it told me that this was
very serious. I was worried for a moment. I couldn't imagine what was so
important that it was necessary to talk about it right then.

Brian started to tell me about this kid named Scott. He was only 16 years
old and was HIV+!  He'd gotten the virus by hustling, selling his young
body, just in order to eat and have someplace to sleep! His own parents had
thrown him out on the streets when he was only 15 because they found out he
was gay! Fucking bastards! To do that to your own child! I wanted to go and
kick their asses! Luckily Bri wouldn't tell me who they were or where they
lived. I swear I would have gotten out of our bed right then and gone and
done it!

He also told me about this grunt that Brian and I, along with Tim and
Domingo, all knew named Jason. I met Jason when he brought this old
Mercedes 280 convertible to us to repair. We saw a lot of that kid with
that car! But he loved it and took real good care of it. We'd all
eventually figured out that Jason was gay. He'd had a few three ways with
Tim and Domingo but Brian and I had never participated in any with him. But
Jason got to know Brian real well when he started volunteering on Brian's
ward. Well, according to Brian, there was a budding romance between Jason
and this kid, Scott.

I was more than a little condescending towards this at first. After all,
Jason is on 19 and Scot is only 16, for God's sake! What the fuck could
they know about love! That was when Brian pointed out to me that I was
being an asshole and that we were not that much older when we first fell in
love. I really hate and I really love when he does that! Every so often, he
reminds me that it is NOT my job to run anybody else's life!

I figured out real quick, however, where this was leading. This kid
desperately needed a home. He couldn't go into foster care because I knew
from a buddy in the Corps what was likely to happen to him there! My buddy
had been molested in the first four foster homes he'd grown up in! I
couldn't see that as any kind of solution for this poor kid. I figured out
that what Brian wanted was for this kid to come and live with us! I guess,
if Brian had been a veterinarian, we would have owned at least a dozen dogs
and cats. But, no! Brian was as nurse, so I guess we were going to be
rescuing a kid instead!

Not that I didn't think it was a good idea, mind you! I saw that we could
have a really good influence on this kid. After all, he'd get to see two
guys who were very committed to each other and very much in love. God, what
I wouldn't have given for THAT when I was growing up!  Would have saved me
a lot of fear and soul-searching when I was young and trying to figure out
what all these strange feelings I was having for other guys were! And,
certainly, he would be a lot safer with us than a lot of gay guys who might
use him for sex and then throw him out. Plus, there was this added factor
of Jason.

I remembered that story Brian had told me about that army of lovers in the
ancient world - the Sacred Band. How they believed that no male would ever
disgrace himself by cowardice in front of his lover. I figured that Jason's
presence in Scott's life would do a lot to help this kid, just the way that
Brian being in my life had made me better for it.

I think I shocked poor Bri when I not only told him what he was going to
ask before he asked it, but said 'yes' without him even having to ask. I
knew that Brian had an unerring sense about people. He just knew somehow
who was worthwhile and who wasn't. If this wasn't a good kid, despite
everything that had happened to him, Brian would not have even mentioned
him to me.

After having settled that, we made love once more and then called it a
night. I would have to go with Brian in the morning to the hospital to meet
the kid, but as far as Scott coming to live with us, I considered it a done
deal.

I was very surprised the next morning when I met Scott. He was, despite the
bruises from the attack on him which had landed him in the hospital, an
incredibly cute kid! He reminded me somewhat of Brian when I first met
him. Not that he looked like him, but that he had that same eager yet
vulnerable quality. And when I saw the way the he and Jason looked at each
other, I knew that, regardless of their ages, they were already very much
in love. Brian had been right - as usual.

I went on to work and told the guys about the little addition to our
family. They razzed me about not only did I want to marry Brian, now that
we had a 'kid', I'd HAVE to! But I didn't mind. I saw the hurt and fear and
need in Scott's eyes and that desire to be a 'Big Brother' just came out in
me. Just the way it had with Brian. I wanted to protect this kid. I wanted
to try and make his life better than it had been. I didn't want to sleep
with him like I did with Brian when we met, but I did want to nurture him
somehow.

And I was excited, because I knew that our lives were going to change. And
I really down deep felt that it was going to be a very positive change for
all of us!

The end of Part 12 of THE MARINE NEXT DOOR

If you like the story, please write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. Please don't
make plot suggestions as by the time you read this, the entire story has
already been written.

If you want to have a complete listing of my stories on NIFTY (the ONLY
place I post them) write me and I will gladly send it to you.

And if you're reading this on NIFTY (more especially if you're not) please
consider making a donation to the site to keep it operating and free!

Thank you,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Fri, 28 Jun 2002 20:23:53 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: THE MARINE NEXT DOOR 11

Disclaimer: This is just a story. And it's about a Marine - actually
several Marines. None of them are real one, of course. Kind of a melding of
a lot of Marine's I've had the honor to have known in my life. Any
resemblance to any actual Marine is purely coincidence - but if there is, I
do wish he'd write me! Anyway, you know the drill, if you don't like sex
between males, what are you doing here? And if your Country, State,
Province, City, Town or Village won't let you read this kind of stuff -
MOVE!!! Somewhere where you can!

This story is dedicated to my friend PUP, who just LOVES Marines and
stories about them. I hope he loves this one. And I kind of hope it would
come true for him.

In the next chapters, you will hear the voices of all four of the main
characters - Brian, Ty, Scott and Jason. Their stories will be clearly
noted.


THE MARINE NEXT DOOR - Part 11
by RimPig (c) 2002

TY'S STORY:

"I'm really sorry, Ty! I wanted to be here when you got home tonight! I
really did! But you know I can't turn Mom down if she really needs me!" he
said.

I could here the disappointment in his voice on the phone and it equaled my
own.

"I understand. It's just I never get to see you anymore. I miss you! I miss
you awful bad." He knew what I was feeling. I knew he felt the same way.

"Yes! I miss you awful BAD, too!" he sighed.

This had become our code for, "I really want to make love to you!" We were
on the same wavelength but we just couldn't seem to land in the same place
at the same time.

"Well, I'll see you when I get home Saturday afternoon." I told him.

"Listen, Ty...if Tim and Domingo are in the mood, why don't you go spend
some time with them.  I really don't mind. I know what you're
feeling. There's no reason for us both to be frustrated."  he said, his
voice lower now.

"That would be ok, but it's just getting my rocks off. I want you! I want
the guy I love." I said quietly into the phone, to make sure that nobody
else heard me.

"I understand that but, at the same time, it will at least take care of the
physical and I know you like spending time with them. I don't want you just
sitting around the apartment alone. Ok?" he said.

"Yeah, Ok. If they ask me, I'll go over. You sure you're ok with that?" I
asked again.

"Yes! I'm ok with it! I love you and I know that you love me. Nothing's
going to change that, is it?" he told me.

"No! Nothing's going to change that. But I may decide to sue that hospital
for 'alienation of affection' and destroying my 'connubial rights'!" I
laughed.

"We should BOTH sue for that!" he laughed.

"I love you, babe." I told him.

"I love you, too, Ty. Wake me up Saturday when you get in?" he said.

"Ok! You got a date!" I said, brightening up.

With that I hung up the phone and went back to the garage bay I was working
in. I spent the next two hours taking out my frustrations on recalcitrant
engines.

"Hey, Ty, it's Friday, you got any plans for tonight?" Tim said as he
approached the 4-wheeler I was trying to put a new radiator in late that
afternoon.

"No, not really. Brian's gotta work another fucking double shift so I won't
even see him until Saturday when I get home. I guess I'll just go to bed
early or something." I told him.

Ever since Brian entered his last year of Nursing School our schedules were
really conflicting. We hardly ever even got to sleep together anymore, much
less make love. I think we'd only made love once in the last three weeks
and that had been really quick and unsatisfying to both of us. I was
hornier than a billy-goat and was kind of hoping that we could get it on
when I got home, before he had to go into the hospital but that had been
fucked up by his having to work a double shift. And it's hard to say no to
the Nursing Supervisor when it's your own mother!

"Oh...well, Domingo and I were wondering if the two of you wanted to join
us for a little fun tonight but I guess that's out of the question." Tim
said, his voice full of disappointment.

"Why?" I asked.

"Well, if Brian's working, I guess you wouldn't want to come over without
him." Tim said tentatively.

"Sure, why the fuck not?" I asked him.

"Well...I kind of thought...you know..." he hesitated.

"You thought that Brian had me on such a leash that I wasn't allowed to go
play without him.  Right?" I asked, annoyance showing in my voice.

"Well...yeah..." Tim sputtered.

"Look, Brian and I love each other - more than life itself. But beyond
that, we trust each other.  We know we're both guys and guys have needs. We
also know that getting some of those needs met doesn't mean that we love
each other any less. We trust each other not to do anything that's going to
put our relationship or our trust in each other in jeopardy. I'll be honest
with you, if Brian was available tonight, I'd much rather be making love to
him. But he's not. And I'm horny.  So if you want me to come over and have
some fun, I'm ready. And I don't need Brian or Brian's permission to do
that. Get it?" I said.

"Sure, Ty. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to get you upset." He said.

I realized that I'd come on a little strong and it wasn't Tim's fault. A
lot of this was the frustration of going through being without Brian so
much of the time. I walked over and gave Tim a quick hug.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to bite your head off. I'm just frustrated and
missing Brian. I guess it looks sometimes like I need to check with Brian
about everything - but that isn't Brian. That's me. I want to make damned
sure that I never do anything without thinking about him first because he
never does anything without thinking of me first. That's the part that
people don't see. That's what makes our relationship work so good for
us. Other people may not need that in their relationship, but we do in
ours. It's just more comfortable that way. You understand?" I asked.

"Yes, I think I do now. And you're right. It's easy to misinterpret things
because you can't see the whole picture. I should have known better
though. I know Brian is not the kind of person who is jealous and certainly
I know that he's always thought about your needs first. I guess, when I
look at it, Domingo and I do exactly the same thing. I just don't think
about it. It's just kind of second nature after all this time." Tim said.

"Sure. That's how it is with us. It's just a part of things. So, you still
want me to come over tonight?" I asked.

Tim came up to me and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek.

"Sure do! The party ain't the same without you!" he grinned.

"Then I'll be over about eight." I told him.

"See you then!" and Tim went back to the office where he took care of the
books.

I went home after we closed up the garage and found a note from Brian. Even
though he was rushing to get to the hospital, he'd taken time to make
dinner which was in the oven and would be ready in about half an hour. I
stopped to think back to my conversation with Tim. No matter what was going
on, no matter how busy he was, he always stopped to think about me. He knew
that, even after all his attempts to teach me, I was still a disaster in
the kitchen. He knew that I'd probably just make peanut butter sandwiches
for dinner. Instead, he made something to make sure I'd at least have a
decent meal, even if he couldn't join me.

As I stood there reading the note, my tears started to drop in spots on
it. I had no idea in the world why I was so lucky to be so loved by
somebody like him. But I no longer questioned it. But it did cause me to
get all choked up at times when I realized how much he did love me and how
much I loved him.

I knew I had to do something. And a plan started to form in my head. The
one thing that Brian always wanted, whenever we had gone over to Tim and
Domingo's for one of our little four-way parties was to come home and me
just make love to him. Tonight, that was still going to happen!  I knew
that the hospital was pretty dead after about 1:00 am. After playing with
Tim and Domingo, I was going to visit the hospital tonight and Brian and I
were going to find an empty room to be alone in for a while. We could make
love again tomorrow when I got home from work, but tonight I was still
going to make love to him - no matter what!

I took a shower to get all the grease and gunk off me from working in the
garage all day. I then ate dinner and then put the rest of the casserole
that Brian had made back into the refrigerator knowing that he'd have it
for breakfast when he got home that morning after I'd gone to the
garage. It was then about quarter of eight and I headed over to Domingo and
Tim's.

When I got there, they were already sitting around naked and drinking
beer. I could smell the odor of pot in the air and knew that they'd already
smoked a joint to get ready. Neither Brian or I ever did grass. He, because
they had random blood tests for nurses and nursing students, me because I
didn't like the stuff. I'd tried it, but all it ever really did was make me
cough and hurt my lungs. I figured that I could live without it and
besides, as horny as I was, I really didn't need it to get 'in the
mood'. Tim and Domingo knew how Brian and I felt and, while we didn't care
if they smoked weed in front of us, they never did. I guessed they were
just being polite.

Since they were already naked, I stripped off my clothes while Tim went and
got me a beer. I was so horny, I was already erect by the time that I got
my clothes off. Tim and Domingo immediately saw my condition and didn't
even let me sit down. They took me by the hand and dragged me back to the
bedroom. They had me lay down on the bed on my back and Domingo immediately
wrapped his lips around my cock and started giving me head. Tim, in the
mean time, was dangling his hard cock over my eager mouth. I took his tool
into my mouth and began to lick and suck at the head of it, tasting his
sweet cock-honey. Tim, for some reason, had some of the sweetest pre- cum
I'd ever tasted. Almost as sweet as Brian's.

Tim began to fuck my face as he put his hands over my head and held himself
up at arms length while he watched his cock sliding in and out of my
mouth. I felt Domingo slobbering all over my cock and knew what was coming
next. I felt his pop my cock out of his mouth and the next thing I knew, I
felt it surrounded by Domingo's hot, wet ass. Domingo loved to ride my
cock. I could fuck him that way or on his stomach. But he would never let
anyone but Tim fuck him in missionary position. I wasn't exactly sure why,
it just seemed to be one of their personal rules. I didn't mind. I loved
Domingo's ass riding slowly up and down on my cock.

Tim, in the mean time, had pulled out of my mouth and was sitting on my
face while I ate his fragrant little hole surrounded by a fringe of red
hair. Tim's ass was always a joy to eat! His little but opened right up and
you could shove your whole tongue inside him and really eat him out.  And
Tim had such a raunchy, exciting mouth on him while he was getting his ass
eaten or getting fucked. It certainly added to the proceedings!

"Yeah, Marine - eat my fucking hole. Shove that fucking tongue all the way
up my shit-hole.  Ream me out, you fucking ass licking Jarhead!" was the
gist of what he was into that night.

Oftentimes, the whole 'Marine' trip was a turn on for all of us. Even
though it was several years since any of us had actually been in the Corps,
like they say - once a Marine, always a Marine.

I could feel my cum rising from my nuts as Domingo started riding my hard
cock faster and faster.  Tim rose from my butt eating tongue and again
inserted his cock in my sucking mouth. I could see Domingo, during Tim's
position change, wailing away on that fat, uncut Puerto Rican cock of his
and I knew it was not going to be long before we all clocked our first
orgasms of the evening.

I'm not exactly sure who shot first. I think it was me. I know I let a
pent-up load fly into Domingo's sucking butt. I must have shot 10 or 12
times because I could feel my cum running out of his butt and all over my
pubic hair and balls - even while I was still shooting! This triggered
Domingo, almost simultaneously, who let out a loud yell and then shot his
wad all over Tim's back and my chest. Tim continued fucking my face for a
few seconds and then I felt his cock begin to swell and he buried it in my
throat and began to fire his sweet Irish load into my sucking maw. His cum
was also sweet! Not as sweet as his cock-honey, but a lot sweeter than
mine! He unloaded quite a gob of cum in me and I drank it all down
gratefully.

We all collapsed in a sweaty heap. The first one to move was Tim, who went
to the kitchen and brought back three beers. We lay there drinking them and
talking about little or nothing. It didn't take long to revive our hard
cocks and before I knew it, Tim was sucking on my cock while Domingo had my
legs pushed back and was eating my horny ass. I was hoping he'd fuck it. It
had been a while since I'd been fucked and I was feeling that 'itch' up
inside me. But after having eaten out Tim's very pliant hole, I also wanted
to plow my cock into his wet, hot insides. 'Perhaps I could have it both
ways!' I thought to myself. We'd done that a couple of times, Domingo
fucking me while I laid pipe up Tim's willing shit-chute.

"Hey, Dom!" I said.

He looked up from between my legs, his tongue pulling out of my horny ass.

"What, Ty?" he asked.

"How about we try a 3 way fuck? I'll fuck Tim while you fuck me?" I asked.

"Sounds fine to me!" he said.

Tim pulled off my cock and looked around at me.

"You can fuck me anytime!" he said.

I already was aware of this. Tim loved having his tail fucked and he
especially appreciated my eleven thick inches up his hole.

We moved into position. Tim lay down and pulled his legs back, showing me
his fur rimmed, pink hole. I got down and started sucking and licking out
his ass while Dom continued to pack spit up mine. When I felt Tim was loose
enough, I moved forward, spat on my cock and slid it home, bottoming out in
his butt in one, smooth slide.

Tim moaned at my intruder into his guts but took it like the Marine he used
to be. He never lost his hardon and grinned with joy when I had buried my
bone in his butt. I plowed his hole for a few thrusts while Dom got his
cock greased up and then lay over Tim, resting my body on my arms while I
waited for Dom to shove his cock up my waiting, eager butt. I didn't have
to wait long. I felt the head of his cock at my hole and then, with a snap
of his hips, I felt it bury itself completely up my shit-chute. Dom's
eating of my ass had done it's work well. There was no pain as he slid his
Puerto Rican sausage into my guts, only the satisfying feeling of having a
good, thick hard cock up your ass.

Dom pulled back, dragging his fucker about half way out of my butt. I
pulled back out of Tim and we set the distance necessary for me to
basically take over the rhythm. There are two basic ways to handle this
type of maneuver. Either the middle guy just lays over the guy on the
bottom and lets the guy on the top pound into his butt, allowing the bottom
guy to get pounded by proxy with the cock that's in his shit-chute or the
middle guy does all the work, fucking himself on the cock up his ass while
pounding the ass his cock is buried in. We'd tried both but found that it
worked best, when I was in the middle, to have me do all the fucking. We
used the other way when I was on top and Dom was fucking Tim while I fucked
him.

I began to pound in and out of Tim's willing hole. Each time I withdrew, my
ass was skewered by Dom's thick Puerto Rican 'pinga'. I loved the thickness
of Dom's cock. I loved the feeling of having my guts spread by it. It
wasn't as thick, as long or as satisfying as Brian's cock, but it certainly
would do! Especially tonight! I pounded Tim good, knowing he would cum just
from my fucking his ass as my cock rode his butt-nut with each inward
glide. At the same time, Dom and raised up so that he was kneeling upright
behind me as my ass slid back and forth on his cock.  This angle made his
rammer hit my butt-nut every time. At the rate I was going, this was not
going to be a long fuck, but it would be a very intense one. The only
person I was concerned about getting off was Dom, but I knew that if he
didn't bet off before I did, I could always let him finish the fuck in my
butt, or I would finish him off in my mouth.

Before very long, I began to feel the tingle of my jizz rising from my
nutsack and heading towards my shaft. I was ready to cream Tim's guts with
all the cum his butt could handle. He was already moaning and I knew he was
going to shoot any moment. And before I knew it, his cock rose and began
belching out his cum all over his face, chest and stomach. The tightening
of his chute while he was cumming pushed me over the edge and I creamed his
guts with all the cum my balls had manufactured during out rest.

I need not have worried about Dom. The minute I started shooting into Tim's
butt, the tremors that went through my own butt caused Dom's cock to begin
to shoot all of his load up into my ass. I could feel him really unload
inside me! That was the strange thing about Dom. His second orgasm always
produced about twice the jizz his first one did. As soon as he calmed down,
I lay down over Tim and waited. I knew what was coming next.

Dom slowly withdrew his cock from my ass, and I felt some of his cum drip
down my balls and onto my inner thigh. Dom was quickly at my back-door and
sucking his load out of my ass while he licked inside my now very open
hole. He finished off by licking up all the cum which had spilled out of my
butt when he withdrew his cock. As he backed his face out of my ass, I
slowly withdrew my cock from Tim's butt and got down so I could do the
same. I licked up into Tim's very open hole and locked my lips around his
asslips so that I could suck all my load out of his butt. Tim moaned as I
did this. I had learned early on that this reduced any pain of fucking and
was a really big turn on for me to eat my own cum from an ass I'd just
fucked. I loved doing this to Brian. Fuck! I loved eating Brian's ass
whether I'd just fucked it, was about to fuck it, or had no intentions of
fucking it for the moment but just wanted to taste and smell his butt!

That thought got me going. I still was hell-bent on making love to my lover
that night. This was fun, but I needed more than this! I needed to make
love to someone that I loved and I knew loved me. If you had told me five
years ago that I would ever feel this way, I would have told you that you
were out of your fucking mind! That one ass was just like another to
fuck. Brian had changed all of that in me. Now I knew there was something
beyond sex.

Now, don't get me wrong! Sex is great and I love it now matter what. Think
about it. Ever had a 'bad' orgasm? No! Me neither! But when you combine sex
and love, something happens that I can't explain. I guess the old saying
about 'the whole is more than the sum of its parts' is the only way to
describe it. Love takes sex and moves it beyond anything that you can
experience any other way. So many times, making love to Brian, I get so
lost in the feelings and emotions that, when I finally cum, I don't even
know where the fuck I am for a few moments!

Anyway, while all this was going through my head, Tim went and got us
another beer. I was lazily sucking on Dom's butt when he came back and he
leaned down and locked his lips to my fuck- hole. Dom pulled Tim around
until he could get his face in his lover's butt and the circle was
complete. We lay there for a long time, sucking on each other's butts until
we all had dripping hardons. We then dropped into a 'daisy chain' and
slowly sucked each other off until we shot loads in each other's mouths.

It was now about midnight and I figured an hour would give me plenty of
time to build up another head of steam for Brian. In fact, I was fooling my
self. I'd just gotten off and the mere thought of this guy that I loved
started sending blood into my cock as it started getting hard again! They
say that science has never discovered a true aphrodisiac - a substance that
would make a man horny whether he was or not. I figured that they just
hadn't looked hard enough because I know of one.  Brian. Just the mere
thought of him and my cock is ready! And somehow I know that will never
change.

I said good night to the guys and went back to our apartment. Knowing
Brian, I wasn't about to shower. I remember so well that first night
together when he was disappointed that we had showered first. I never made
that mistake with him again. That, in fact, was one of the things that
turned me on so much to him, that fact that he was as into the scent of my
body as I was to his.

I got in my Jeep and headed over to the hospital. The guard on duty knew me
well, from all the times I've visited Brian there over the last year. I
figured if the was the only way I was going to get to see him was to go to
the hospital where he was, then that's what I would do. I found out he was
up on the orthopedic floor that night. That was good news. A lot of the
time, this was the floor with the least population. People didn't need to
stay long there and quite often there were empty room.

I got to the floor and found one of the charge nurses at the desk. I had
seen her before around the hospital and remembered her name was Marge.

"Hello, Marge. Could you tell me where Brian is?" I asked.

"Oh, hello, Ty!" she said, looking up. "He's down in room 434. We've only
got one patient down in that wing and she's in traction. Brian's been down
there with her for a while. She's been in a lot of pain tonight and he's
been keeping her company. Why don't you go down there and pull him out. He
was supposed to go on dinner break half an hour ago."

"Ok, be glad to!" I said.

I walked down the hall and got to the room that Marge had told me Brian was
in. The door was open and neither Brian or the patient could see me. Just
the sight of my lover went to my groin like a bolt of lightening and my
cock started to bone up. And considering the tight pair of jean's I'd
changed into, along with a tight white T-shirt (an outfit which Brian
always told me drove him nuts!) I figured I'd better cool it or everyone in
the hospital would know how horny I was.

I watched Brian dealing with his patient. I'd got to do this several times
over the last year when he wasn't aware that I was there. It never ceased
to amaze me the loving, gentle way that Brian dealt with each and every one
of them - no matter what they were like. They could be cranky or down right
rude, and Brian still could calm them right down and have them eating out
of his hand in no time at all.

He was just finishing up with this one and, when he turned to leave, he saw
me standing there in the open door way grinning at him. His face
immediately lit up like a Christmas tree and he rushed out of the room,
pulling the door closed behind him and right into my arms. I kissed him
deeply and then let his head rest against my chest for a moment. I wanted
him to catch the scent of my body and know how horny I was for him. For
emphasis, I pushed my already hardened cock against his crotch - just to
make sure he got the idea! I wasn't here to 'visit' or to have 'dinner'. I
was hear to 'eat' all right, but not anything from the hospital cafeteria!

I heard him moan softly and felt his hand slip down to my crotch. He
massaged my rampant fuck- tool and I moaned as well.

"It this for me, Marine?" he asked, a chuckle in his voice.

"All for you!" I said.

"I thought you were going to go play with Dom and Tim?" he said, looking up
into my eyes.

"I did. This one is just for you!" I laughed.

"What? You couldn't get enough from those two?" he giggled.

"No. They didn't have what I wanted. I wanted my lover - the man who loves
me more than anybody else in my life ever has and the man I love more than
life itself." I said, my voice dropping low and staring deep into his blue
eyes.

He didn't say anything in answer. He didn't need to. He reached up and put
his mouth against mine and slipped his tongue inside. I sucked and nibbled
on his tongue as he moaned into my mouth. I broke the kiss after a few
moments because I could hardly stand it any longer.

"Ok, there's got to be an empty room around here someplace! Marge said you
were due to go to dinner half an hour ago. I've got something to feed you
and I want to give it to you NOW!" I said.

"Ty, no! We can't!" he said, but I could see the horniness in his eyes.

"The fuck we can't! All we need is a bed, and - fuck it! - if we can't find
that an empty floor will do! I don't want to wait to fuck you tomorrow! I
want to fuck you now AND tomorrow!" I said, my voice letting him know that
I was not about to take 'no' for an answer.

Brian giggled.

"Well, there's really nobody down in this wing. And the end room is for
patients that have to be in isolation so there's two doors going in..." he
didn't get to finish his sentence, I already had his arm and was half
dragging him down the hall.

I actually thought it was rather funny! I was starting to feel the way one
of our cavemen ancestors must have felt - dragging my piece of ass to my
cave to fuck! But this wasn't just a piece of ass and this wasn't going to
be just a fuck.

I'd worn nothing but the t-shirt and jeans and a pair of sandals so I had
almost nothing to take off in order to be naked. Brian was wearing a white
shirt, pants and underwear along with his white hospital shoes and socks,
so I started in undressing him as soon as we got into the room. I knew it
would take me only moments to get mine off. Brian helped and, sooner than I
would have expected we were naked and on the bed with me on top of him.

"Now tell me," I said, looking down into his adorable face, "that you
haven't fantasized this before!"

Even in the dim light coming in from the window I could see him blush a
deep red. I had him! He had fantasized this!

"No!" he said. He never could lie successfully to me. I gave him a
look. "Ok, I might have, once or twice!" he admitted.

"It better have been with me!" I joked.

He looked at me with such love in his eyes. "It's always with you! Every
fantasy I have is of you!"  he said softly.

And that's all he got to say for a while. I covered his mouth with my own
and kissed him deeply while my hard cock pushed against his and left trails
of my cock-snot all over his lower abdomen.  I quickly moved down his body,
sniffing and licking out his pits and then worrying each of his tiny tits
with my tongue and teeth. I moved further down and, ignoring his groin
entirely, I pushed his legs up and back and buried my face in his fragrant
ass. I didn't spend a lot of time drawing in his scent but, instead, went
right to eating and sucking at his delightful fuck-hole. He was moaning and
tossing on the bed as I ate out his butt and packed enough spit up it so
that he wouldn't be hurt when I shoved my cock up him.

I rose up over him, hooking his legs over my arms and pushed my cock right
up to the opening in his body.

"You ready?" I asked.

He reached up and grabbed hold of me with his hands on my shoulders.

"Yes! God, yes! Fuck me! Please, Ty! I want you inside of me so bad!" he
begged.

I snapped my hips forward and drove deep inside him. I heard him moan and
stopped for fear that, in my desire for him, I'd caused him pain. Instead,
I felt his hands go to my hips and pull me deeper into him until my pubic
hair met his hole and I could go no further. He moaned and relaxed under
me, letting go of my hips. I knew then that he was ready for me to fuck
him.

I started slowly, just drawing my cock out of his butt a few inches and
then slowly sliding back in.  I wanted this fuck to last! I didn't want
either of us to get off quickly. It had been so long since I'd had the
chance to make love to him, every minute of being inside him was extremely
precious to me! I looked down into his face and his eyes locked on mine. I
could see the love and the ecstacy that he was feeling from my cock inside
him.

"Oh, Ty! It's been so long! It feels so good! God! I love how you fuck me!"
he panted, still staring into my eyes.

"Nobody makes me feel the way that you do, Bri! I could fuck you forever
and never get tired!" I swore.

Ok, that wasn't exactly the truth. But I wanted it to be! I did want to
fuck him forever! Every time I've buried my cock in his butt - from the
very first night - I don't ever want to pull out!

I slowly began to build up speed and depth of driving my cock in and out of
his butt. My moans and his moans blended together and I leaned down and put
my mouth over his, afraid that someone would hear us and think some poor
patient was dying in this room and come to investigate! I could still here
the slapping of my thighs against his ass cheeks as I continued to pound at
his hole. I could also feel his cock rubbing against my stomach and knew,
from the amount of cock-honey that my abs were being bathed in, that it
wouldn't be long before Brian was shooting all over us both.

I was right. It wasn't five minutes later that I could feel his ass
clenching around my cock as he began to bathe us both in his hot jizz. I
loved the feeling of getting him off! There was something that made me feel
powerful about being able to cause him this much pleasure without him ever
having to touch himself. And that feeling, along with the tremors that were
going through his ass from his orgasm and massaging my cock, caused me to
loose it entirely. I came almost screaming into his mouth. I was pouring
myself into him! I wanted to mark him as mine! Even though I knew that he
was already, that primitive male instinct was there - always when I
came. The time a male becomes his primitive self.

I collapsed on top of him and our sweat mingled together as I continued to
lick out his mouth with my tongue, tasting the love of my life. Brian's
hands were gently caressing me up and down my back. I finally broke the
kiss because I had to get more air after the exertion of making love to him
so hard. I buried my face in his neck and felt him stroking his hand
through my hair.  We lay there for a few more minutes, not saying a word
and then I raised up and slowly began to pull my half hard cock from his
ass. I went down and pushed his legs back and began to suck my load from
his just fucked hole. He moaned at this. I knew he loved when I did
this. But tonight, I was going to surprise him. I did something I didn't
often do. I rose back up, my mouth full of the cum I'd just sucked out of
him and pressed my mouth to his, allowing my load to drip into his mouth.
He moaned at the feel and taste of my cum and swallowed every bit, shoving
his tongue into my mouth to get any possible residue left.

I rolled off of him, intending to pull him into my arms. What I didn't
figure on, unfortunately, was how fucking narrow that hospital beds are!!!
Instead of ending up next to Brian, I found myself rolling completely off
the bed and onto the floor! I lay there in shock, more surprised then hurt
by the sudden tumble onto the cold, hard floor while Brian, who realized
too late what was going to happen, leaned over the edge of the bed laughing
his fucking ass off at my situation!

I was NOT a happy camper, to say the least. But Brian quickly moved over in
the bed and let me lay down next to him, snuggling into my arms.

"Serves you right for violating the sanctity of a hospital with your carnal
desires!" Brian giggled, his face pressed against my chest.

"There ought to be MORE carnal desires in this fucking place! That would
make people get well faster!" I pouted at the indignity I'd suffered.

"Sex as healing? The ancients used to believe in that. They really
did. But, I don't think even you have enough cum for all the patients in
this place!" Brian giggled again.

"I've only got enough for one, giggling nurse." I said, pulling him harder
against me.

"That's all you need. Because it's that nurse that really needed your
healing tonight." he said softly.

We lay there for a while, wrapped in each other's arms. Truth be told, as
much as I loved to fuck Bri, it was this - holding him in my arms after
making love to him - that turned me on the most. I felt so close to him as
I held him, so connected. The warmth of his body, the feel of him in my
arms, the way that he clung to me like I was the most important person in
his life all of this made me feel on top of the world. There was absolutely
no doubt in my mind about how much I loved this guy. Or how long that love
was going to last - forever.

Unfortunately, we couldn't spend all of the time together that I wanted and
after a while, we reluctantly got up and got dressed again. I held him in
my arms and kissed him deeply before I let him go to get pack to his
patients. I promised that I would be home immediately after we closed the
garage. Because it was Saturday, we were only open until noon.

Brian went back to work and I went home to get a few hours sleep. When I
got to the shop, Tim and Domingo saw that I was exhausted from so little
sleep and started razzing me about it.

"Hey, lover-boy, we tire you out last night or what?" Domingo jeered.

"Nah! He went out and got him a piece of 'strange' ass last night after he
left our place I bet!"  Tim joined in.

"Fuck both of you!" I shot back, grinning.

"You did that last night!" said Tim giggling.

"Yeah, man! You were in rare form!" Domingo said.

"But, seriously, Ty. You look like hell! How late did you stay at the
hospital with Brian?" he asked.

"How did you know?" I asked shocked. I hadn't told them that I was going to
go see Brian after being with them.

"We know you! You were super-horny last night and we know that there's no
satisfying you until you have Brian. It was easy to figure out." Tim
laughed.

I blushed red. I had no idea that I was that obvious about things.

"I was with him until about three this morning." I said, and a yawn escaped
my mouth.

"Look, guy, why don't you go home and get some sleep, huh? We can handle
things here. It's going to be a slow day I think, we don't have a lot of
appointments set up. Ok?" Domingo said.

"You mean that?!" I asked. I knew Brian was at home and I could not only
get some sleep - I could sleep with him!

"Yeah, go on and get out of here. I'll bet Brian's already waiting in your
bed at home!" Tim grinned.

I blushed again and both Tim and Domingo laughed.

"Go on home, Ty. You need some sleep and you and Brian need some time alone
together." Tim said, coming over and putting his hand on my shoulder and
gently kissing my cheek.

"Thanks, guys! I'll make this up to you!" I promised.

"You get you will!" Domingo laughed.

I jumped in my Jeep and made it home in record time. I walked into our
bedroom and there was Brian, already asleep in our bed. I stood there a
while, just watching him sleep. He looks so young and cute when he's
asleep. His mom had shown me all the pictures of when Brian was growing up
and I could still see the 'little' Brian in my lover's face when he was
asleep. It caused my heart to swell and tears start in my eyes, looking
down at him and knowing that he was mine!

I quickly got undressed and slipped under the covers with him. I slid over
next to him and he opened his eyes and looked at me.

"Is it afternoon already?" he asked sleepily.

"No, babe. Domingo and Tim gave me the day off. They could see I didn't get
much sleep last night. They sent me home to be with you." I said.

Brian's eyes got brighter and he smiled.

"I owe those guys! Big Time!" he said. "Now I get to do what I've been
missing so bad! I get to sleep in your arms!"  he said, moving closer to
me.

I took him in my arms and he laid his head in the crook of my arm. I kissed
him gently on the lips.

"And that's just what I've been missing - having you sleeping in my arms."
I said softy.

And with this, we were both silent as we drifted off to sleep, wrapped
together in each other. The way it was meant to be.

The end of Part 11 of THE MARINE NEXT DOOR

If you like the story, please write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. Please don't
make plot suggestions as by the time you read this, the entire story has
already been written.

If you want to have a complete listing of my stories on NIFTY (the ONLY
place I post them) write me and I will gladly send it to you.

And if you're reading this on NIFTY (more especially if you're not) please
consider making a donation to the site to keep it operating and free! Thank
you!

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 6)

Date: Fri, 28 Jun 2002 20:23:53 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: THE MARINE NEXT DOOR 10

Disclaimer: This is just a story. And it's about a Marine. Not a real one,
of course. Kind of a melding of a lot of them I've known in my life. Any
resemblance to any actual Marine is purely coincidence - but if there is, I
do wish he'd write me! Anyway, you know the drill, if you don't like sex
between males, what are you doing here? And if your Country, State,
Province, City, Town or Village won't let you read this kind of stuff -
MOVE!!! Somewhere where you can!

This story is dedicated to my friend PUP, who just LOVES Marines and
stories about them. I hope he loves this one. And I kind of hope it would
come true for him.

In the next chapters, you will hear the voices of all four of the main
characters - Brian, Ty, Scott and Jason. Their stories will be clearly
noted.


THE MARINE NEXT DOOR - Part 10
by RimPig (c) 2002

JASON'S STORY:

Being around nothing but guys just comes naturally to me. I was raised on a
cattle ranch in Montana by my Dad and three older brothers. My Mom died
giving birth to me and, for as long as I can remember, it was Dad and my
brothers who took care of me.

Growing up on the ranch was about the best upbringing I could imagine for a
boy. I learned early to ride a horse and help take care of the cattle. It
was hard work, but none of us ever minded. My brothers were always looking
out for me and were good to me. They didn't let me get away with any shit,
and I was just as likely to be turned over my oldest brother Mike's knee
and given a licking as I was Dad's. But he was fair. I never got it unless
I deserved it. And I didn't very often deserve it.

Growing up, I learned a lot of other things from my brothers. You see, we
all slept in the same room at home. The house had been built by my
grandfather and Dad had been his only child. The house wasn't intended to
hold four growing boys. By the time I was in junior high, all four of us
had moved to what had been the bunk house, leaving Dad the house all to
himself. We still went up to eat meals, but most of the time, we spent down
in the bunkhouse where we could be as noisy as we wanted without disturbing
Dad. Dad didn't mind. He knew how rambuncious growing boys could be. And he
tended to like peace and quiet after a hard days work.

Of course, early on, I got to see what my older brothers did after they
went to bed and thought that I was asleep. I could see them pulling on
their cocks and moaning. Most nights, they would get together and either
watch each other while they did it, or reach over and do it to each
other. I found this real exciting and it would make my little cock harder
then hell and start to tingle. I tried copying what they did, but I just
couldn't seem to get the hang of it.

Now, I knew all about sex. You don't grow up on a ranch without having seen
cows and horses fucking. I guess I was about 5 when my second oldest
brother, Brad, and I watched a bull mounting a cow. I was mesmerized by
that bull's huge cock! I thought when he stuck it in that old cow's pussy,
it was going to damn near split her in two! But Brad explained to me about
what was going on, how that would make a little calf in a few month's
time. He told me people did the same thing! But I only half believed
him. It took me a while to put things together and figure out that maybe
he'd been telling me the truth after all.

I guess I was about 13, when one night, I was lying there watching my
brothers jerking each other off and my cock got really fucking hard! It had
started growing hair around it just like my brother's had and I had even
woken up a couple of mornings and found this sticky stuff in my briefs that
my cock had leaked in the night.

I watched them for a while and wished that I could join in this fun they
were having together. I took me a few minutes to work up the courage. But
finally, my raging hormones overcame my shyness.

"Hey, guy's! How about me?" I said.

They all three stopped and stared over at me.

"How the fuck long have you been watching?" Mike asked.

"Since I was about six!" I told him.

"Well, fuck, boy! If you can get that pecker of your's hard, get your ass
over here!" Mike said laughing.

I got out of bed, took off my briefs and lead by my hard cock, walked over
to Mike's bed where they all were sitting cross-legged and handling each
other's cocks.

"Well, look the fuck there!" Eric, my next oldest brother, said. "The kid's
got a nice pecker on him!"

"Yeah, must be part of the family after all! He's definitely got the pecker
for it! Bigger than you when you were that age, Brad!" Mike chuckled.

"Yeah, well he's just about as big as you were at his age. Kid may end up
having you beat, big brother!" Brad shot back.

"Come here, boy. Sit next to me. Let me get a feel of that thing." Mike
said.

I was very proud of how big they all thought my cock was, but was proudest
of all that Mike wanted me near him. I had a huge crush on Mike. I guess I
always had. I know I loved him as a brother, but there was something
else. I was in love with him, as well. I thrilled every time he touched me
or hugged me and I loved being near him. I especially loved to smell his
scent - his maleness. He would come back from riding the herd all day or
repairing fences and the sweat and musk that came off his body just about
made me swoon! I know I got a hardon every fucking time I got near him! And
was scared to death he'd notice!

"Well, boy, that's quite a nice sized pecker you got there! Nice and hard,
too!" Mike said, stroking my cock.

I'd never felt anything so wonderful in my life! I looked down and watched
him stroke me for a couple of minutes and then shyly looked up at him.

"Can...can I feel your's?" my voice was trembling and cracking I was so
excited, but somehow scared as well. Scared that he'd say no.

"Sure can, l'il bro! You just do what I'm doing to ya'. Be real gentle with
it now." he said.

I reached over and touched another guy's cock for the first time in my
life! I was astounded at the feel of it. It was warm and it was hard, but
what amazed me was how soft the skin was. None of us had been circumcised,
so I could easily slide his foreskin up and down, covering and uncovering
the red, wet head of his cock. Suddenly, I was aware of a very pungent male
scent in the air. Something familiar. Something I had smelled before but
this was stronger, more deeply male. It was the smell of headcheese and it
was coming from Mike's cock! I suddenly felt myself salivating. I wanted to
taste it. I'd eaten my own before, and loved it.

Without thinking, I reached over with my other hand and swiped some of the
tasty buildup from under the head of his cock and got it on my finger. I
slowly brought it to my nose and the heady aroma floated up my nose like
smoke. I then licked it from my finger. It tasted even better than mine!

I looked up and suddenly realized that all my brothers were staring at
me. Brad and Eric were staring in shock. Mike, however, had a grin on his
face.

"Like that, l'il bro?" he asked grinning.

I didn't know what to say. I knew I was blushing because I could feel my
face was hot. I just hoped it was dark enough that no one else could
notice.

"I...I...ah...yes. I did." I quietly admitted.

"Well that's just fine, bro! I kinda like it myself!" he laughed.

Now Brad and Eric were really staring! But what could they say? Mike was
the oldest and the undisputed leader of the four of us. If he thought it
was cool, then it was cool. Period.

"Why don't you go get the rest of it, bro?" Mike asked.

I started to move my hand back to his cock to harvest the rest of the
creamy cockcheese, but Mike stopped my hand.

"Why don't you just lick it off, bro?" he asked. "Bet you like it better
that way."

I leaned down and began to lick under the ridge of his cock. He was right!
I did like it better that way. Especially because, as I was licking up the
rest of his cockcheese, I was also tasting his pre- cum dripping from his
pisshole. Again, it was just like mine which I had tasted frequently. But
it was thicker and had a stronger taste.

After I had licked up all of his cockcheese, I moved up and began licking
the head of his cock, trying to get more and more of his tasty
cock-honey. Mike moaned when I did so and I looked up. He was looking down
at him and I saw a look in his eyes I had never seen before. I later
realized that was I was looking at was an extremely horny male. A male who
wanted to shoot his load down my throat. I didn't know it then, but if I
had, it wouldn't have changed anything. I wanted to taste Mike's load!

I kept licking his cock and then gradually began to move down it, taking
more and more into my mouth Mike moaned louder and I felt him put his hand
on my head. He didn't push down, he just kind of rubbed my head while I
gave my first blow-job - to him. I didn't know how to do this, but it just
seemed to come naturally. I even knew not to let Mike's cock come into
contact with my teeth. From the feelings of Mike's hand on my head, I began
to understand what rhythm he wanted. He gently would press and I would up
my speed. Finally I was gobbling more than half his cock and I suddenly
felt it get very hard and begin to expand. Mike was moaning and I suddenly
felt his cock belch out shot after shot of his thick, tasty cum. I was
almost overwhelmed by the volume but began to swallow quickly. I sucked
down all Mike's hot cum and continued to nurse on the head of his cock
until he pulled me off.

"Bro! Where did you learn to do that?" Mike asked, his voice filled with
wonder.

"I didn't. I've never done that before! I've never had the chance." I said.

Mike looked at me strangely.

"You liked it, Jason?" he asked quietly.

"Sure did!" I answered. My other brothers were still staring at me, but
jacking themselves off furiously.

"You like the taste of my cum?" Mike asked, a grin growing on his face.

"You bet! It was delicious!" I said. I couldn't quite bring myself to tell
him I loved it because it was his.

"Well, I bet I know where you can get some more." he said and nodded
towards Brad and Eric who were still jerking on their cocks.

I moved over and put my face in front of Brad's cock. I could smell his
cockcheese, too, as his hand moved his foreskin back and forth. Brad
quickly got the idea that I would suck him as well and stopped jerking his
cock and took his hand off it. I put my hand on it and slid the foreskin
back and began licking his cockcheese from under the rim of his
cockhead. It was tasty, but not as strong tasting as Mike's was. Brad
started moaning as I was licking his cockhead and tasting his
cock-snot. His was saltier than Mike's. I had hardly gotten my mouth around
his cock when he reached down, grabbed hold of my head and shoved his cock
into my mouth. It was too much at once and I gagged.

Mike reacted instantly. He hauled off and backhanded Brad across the face!
Brad quickly let go of my head and I pulled my mouth off his cock.

"What the fuck's the matter with you, asshole!" Mike screamed at
Brad. "That's Jason! Your fucking brother! You don't do that kind of shit
to him! You got that?!"

Brad was laying back on the bed, slowly touching his jaw where Mike's hand
had connected with it.

"Yeah, Mike! I got it. Hey! I didn't mean to do it! I just got carried away
is all!" Brad whined.

"You fucking get carried away like that again - you EVER hurt him! - and
you won't fucking walk for a month!" Mike warned him.

By this point, both Brad and Eric had lost their hardons. Nobody had ever
seen Mike quite this angry before. Mike leaned down and looked me in the
eyes.

"You ok, bro?" he asked softly, gently stroking my face with his hand.

"Yeah, Mike. I'm ok. It didn't really hurt. Just surprised me, that's all."
I said. I didn't want Brad and him fighting over me, but I did really love
the fact that Mike was being so protective of me.

"Well, I think we better call it a night, anyway." he said.

"No, Mike! That's not fair. You got off, you should let me get Brad and
Eric off, too." I said.

I could see Brad and Eric's faces light up at this. They didn't dare say
anything for fear of pissing off Mike further, but I could tell, they were
eager to experience my mouth on their cocks.

"You sure, l'il Bro?" Mike asked, concern on his face.

"Yeah, I am. Besides, I haven't gotten off yet. I want to do it. Ok?" I
pleaded with him.

Mike grinned. "Anything you want, bro."

I went over to where Brad was laying and leaned down and took his soft cock
into my mouth.  Soft I could get a lot more of it into my mouth. I started
sucking on it and it quickly began to grow in my mouth. Brad didn't touch
me again and I could see him taking quick glances at Mike to make sure that
this was ok with him. But Mike just sat there, slowly stroking his meat and
watched me suck off first Brad and then Eric. Each of them had cum that
tasted slightly different, but still basically all our cum tasted pretty
much the same. I thought that was because we were brothers. It would be a
few years before I learned that it was because we were male and all cum
tastes pretty much the same.

After I got Eric and Brad off, I noticed that Mike had another hardon. He
looked at Brad and Eric.

"You guys go back to your own beds now." he said. And then turning to me,
"Jason, how would you like to sleep with me tonight?"

I grinned a huge grin in answer. Mike smiled back and lay down and motioned
me to lay down next to him. I quickly snuggled next to his body and I felt
his arm go around me, holding me. He leaned down and kissed me on the
forehead and I reached up and stroked his face. I could feel the stubble of
his beard against my hand. He looked at me funny when I did it, but then
leaned down further and kissed me gently on the lips. It was the most
exciting thing that anyone had ever done to me. When he went to pull away,
I grabbed the back of his neck and pulled his face to mine again. He knew
what I wanted, even though I didn't at the time. He kissed me again, but
this time, he pressed his mouth harder against mine and I felt his mouth
open and his tongue begin to lick at my lips, trying to force it's way into
my mouth.

I opened my mouth to him and the next thing I knew I was practically
swallowing his tongue. I sucked on it while he tasted the inside of my
mouth. Then his tongue withdrew and mine followed it and I tasted Mike for
the first time. I was in heaven! I was softly moaning into his mouth and he
had brought his other arm around me and was stroking his hand down my back
and across my ass.  He broke the kiss and began licking at the side of my
neck and across my shoulder. I shivered at the feelings he was causing in
me. I had no idea where this was leading, but I wanted to go there with
Mike - no matter what.

"Are you ok with this, Jason?" Mike asked me softy. Eric and Brad's beds
were further across the room so they couldn't hear us.

"More than ok, Mike." I said.

"You really want this, don't you." he said, not a question but a statement.

"With you, I want anything!" I told him. It was a close as I'd ever come to
telling him how I really felt about him.

"I kind of had a feeling that's how you felt. I've noticed the way you've
always looked at me and tried to get close to me whenever you could." he
said softly.

I blushed so hard, I was glad it was dark and he couldn't see.

"I bet something else, too. I bet that you kind of get off on the scent of
my body, don't you? I noticed you breathe awful heavy when you're around me
- especially when I'm real sweaty." he grinned.

Oh, God! Busted! He knew almost everything! I hung my head in shame. But
Mike gently lifted my chin an brought his lips to mine again in a soft
kiss.

"Hey, don't be ashamed. I'm real flattered that I turn you on that
much. Bet you didn't know that you turn me on, too, did you?" he asked.

I gaped at him in shock! Me? Turn Mike on? No way! But Mike just leaned
forward and put his mouth on my open one and we were kissing again. This
time it was Mike who was moaning into my mouth while his hands were all
over my body. He rolled me over on the bed until he was on top of me and
then began moving down my body, kissing and licking all over me. He sucked
at my nipples and I thought I would come right there and then! I arched my
back as he sucked harder and moaned out my delight. I heard a deep chuckle
come from his throat and he moved down, licking across my stomach and then
burying his nose in my sparse pubic hair. I heard him breathe deeply of my
scent and I was shocked to realize that I was not the only one who got off
on that!

The next thing I felt was Mike's tongue licking my almost hairless
balls. Never in my life had I ever felt something this good! I moaned at
the feeling but was rocked when he moved up and swallowed my entire cock
all at once! I could feel the warm wetness surrounding me and his tongue
moving over my head and shaft. He took his hand and pulled at the base of
my cock causing my foreskin to retract so that the head was exposed to his
tongue. I felt him licking around my cockhead and knew he was tasting my
cockcheese as I had tasted his. He evidently found it pleasing because I
could hear him moaning softly as his tongue licked away all the creamy
whiteness I had.

Then he began to lick the head of my cock and to suck gently on it. I was
trying desperately to keep quiet as I didn't want Brad or Eric to know what
was happening. I didn't know exactly why, but I somehow knew that this was
something special between only Mike and me. But as Mike continued to eat my
cock, strangled sobs and moans of pleasure kept escaping from me until I
could stand his oral caresses no longer and shot the biggest load of my
life into my brother's sucking mouth.

Mike continued to suck on my cock and drank every drop of cum that I
had. After I couldn't cum anymore, he continued to nurse on my softening
cock until he had cleaned every bit of pre-cum and cum from it. Then he
moved back up my body again until his face reached mine. He kissed me
deeply and I could taste my own cum in his mouth. It was a taste I knew
well from jacking off but, somehow, it was much more exciting coming from
Mike's mouth. I just was in awe! My oldest brother - Mike - the male I
worshiped and loved more than anybody in the world, just sucked me off! I
was still having trouble wrapping my brain around the idea of it!

"How was that, Jason?" Mike asked as he pulled his mouth from mine.

"Oh, God! Mike! That was the most wonderful thing that's ever happened to
me in my whole life!" I said. "Mike, I love you!"

There! I'd finally said it. I didn't care how he took it! I'd finally told
him exactly how I felt about him.

Mike rolled over on his side and pulled m close to him. I rested my head on
his chest and breathed deeply of the scent of him. Since he already knew I
loved it, there was no reason to hide it.

Mike finally responded. "I know you do, Jason. And I love you. But that's
going to have to stay just between the two of us. Ok?"

"Ok." I answered. "But why?"

"Well, you see, a lot of folks don't think it's right for two guys, much
less if their brothers, to have those kinds of feelings for each other. So
it's best if we didn't let anyone else know about how we feel." he
explained.

"What about Brad and Eric?" I asked.

"No, you see Brad and Eric, well...they're just horny and like getting
their rocks off. They don't much care how. But soon, the two of them are
going to get really into girls and eventually they'll probably stop getting
it on with other guys at all. But for me, and I figure for you, we aren't
ever going to stop wanting to get it on with guys. And I doubt that I'll
ever go for girls at all." he said.

"Me neither!" I said. "I much prefer guys. Especially you."

He chuckled softly at this.

"Well, l'il bro, you haven't had a lot of experience with guys yet. Trust
me, I'll bet you find other guys just as exciting as you do me. And you'll
probably fall in love with a few of them, too." he said.

"No I won't! I only want to love you!" I swore.

"Well, we'll see." he said, putting his arms around me.

And for the first time, I went to sleep in my brother Mike's arms. In fact,
I never slept in my bed again. I always slept in Mike's bed.

The next day, Mike went out to repair fences and asked me if I wanted to go
along with him. I asked if Brad and Eric were going, but he said that it
would just be the two of us. I jumped at the chance to spend the day with
him alone. We saddled up and rode out along the fence-line. It was hot,
hard work, but we were ranch-bred boys and used to it. About four o'clock,
we finished repairing the last piece of fence and head on back. But Mike
took off into the woods towards a small lake that we used as a swimming
hole. I followed, knowing that I was going to get to see Mike naked in the
daylight because we never wore anything to swim in.

We got to the lake and tied up the horses and then quickly got out of our
clothes. Mike was stripped sooner than I was and I expected him to just
dive into the lake like he usually did. But not this time. This time, he
stood and watched me as I got undressed. I knew he was not only watching me
but was getting turned on looking at my naked body because his cock was
quickly rising to full hard before my eyes. When I was completely naked, he
came over to me, took me in his arms and kissed me - deeply - like he had
done the night before. My cock was instantly hard and pressing against his
body.

He broke the kiss and took my hand in his. Rather than leading me towards
the water, he took me over to a grassy area and lay down on the ground,
pulling me down with him. He took me in his arms and looked deep into my
eyes.

"I figure, as I'm all hot and sweaty, that you might like to let that nose
of yours have full access to me before I get in the water and wash away all
those smells you seem to like so much." he smiled.

And saying this, he lay back in the grass and put his hands behind his
head, his naked body displayed for my total enjoyment. I hesitated. It was
like my fucking dream come true, but I just couldn't believe it! I didn't
know where to start! Mike noticed my hesitation and just smiled at me and
winked. That's all it took to get me over my initial shyness!

I dove down an put my nose right into his hairy pit! God! It smelled so
good! The smell of sweat and musk and maleness. But above all, the smell of
Mike! I snorted up the scent until I was almost faint. Without even
thinking, I stuck out my tongue and began to bath his armpit with it. I not
only wanted to smell his body - I wanted to taste it. Mike moaned at the
feel of my tongue in his pit.

"That's it, bro! Lick out my pit! Fuck, yeah! Get off on my stink!" he
groaned as I hungrily licked his pit.

I pulled my face out of his pit, grinning like an idiot, my tongue hanging
out of my life. He laughed and I went after his other pit. I finished
slopping out that one and ended up going down to his crotch and smelling
his stinking balls and sucking up all the stink from them with my tongue. I
was in heaven! Not only was I lost in the pungent male smells, but these
were Mike's smells. The male I loved most in the world!

I don't know why I did it, but I moved lower and began licking below his
balls. That patch of skin between his balls and his ass. I think I knew
what drew me, I was smelling something - something very dark and male. As I
moved lower, I realized what I was smelling was his ass. Now, like I guess
every other boy in the world, I'd run my fingers through my ass trench and
smelled my fingers while I was jacking off a couple of times. And like most
boys I loved the scent of my own but - or, at least found it
stimulating. But I never thought of smelling somebody else's - until now.
I nudged Mike's legs further opened and put my nose to the start of his
butt trench. I inhaled deeply and was lost to the scent. It was stronger
than mine and much more stimulating! I reached under Mike's legs and began
lifting them. Mike figured out what I was trying to do and grabbed his own
legs and pulled them back until his ass trench was fully exposed to me. I
buried my nose in his butt and sniffed loudly! I moaned at the scent! Dark,
sweaty, musky! I loved it immediately.  I loved the smell of his raunchy
butt! But the scent just made me hungry. I began to lick his butt trench
and could hear Mike's moans as I did so. I licked all up and down his crack
and then centered on his moist, soft hole. I licked all around it, licking
out the wrinkles in his puckered hole and then centered on his hole. I
tried to push my tongue up inside but found my tongue blocked by the
muscle. I started sucking on his hole and gradually was able to finally
push my tongue into his ass. The taste was darker there, sharper and my
mind began to short-circuit over the idea that I was licking INSIDE MY
BROTHER'S ASS!!! I was gone! I couldn't help myself.

"Fuck, yeah! Bro! Eat my fuckin' butt! Shove that tongue up there! Fuckin'
lick my ass!" Mike moaned and moved his butt around trying to get my tongue
even farther up it.

I knew if I kept this up, one of us would cum and I didn't want to end it
so quick. I got up and stood over him, my hard cock dripping my cock-snot
on his crotch. He looked up at me and grinned. His face told me all I
needed to know. He wanted me. And I wanted him to want me. We were in sync
with each other. I just didn't know what he had in mind.

He lowered his legs, reached up and pulled me down next to me. He started
kissing me. I knew he could taste his own ass on my mouth but he didn't
seem to mind. He pushed me on my back and he started giving me a taste of
my own medicine. He moved down between my legs and lifted them. I pulled
them back and he lay down on his stomach and began licking my butt. I was
quickly moaning at the feeling! It was beyond anything I'd ever felt in my
life! I knew that my but was sensitive, but had no idea what it would feel
like for someone to lick it!

He pushed his tongue against my hole and I tried to relax and let him
in. Gradually, I began to open up and soon Mike's tongue was digging out my
hole. Then he stopped and I looked up.

"Stay right like that! Don't move!" he told me.

He got up and went over to his horse. He dug around in his saddle-bag and
got out something and came back. I could see he had a small jar in his
hand. He dipped his fingers in the jar and started smearing the contents on
my butt. He slowly pushed his finger into my ass. I'd never felt something
go in before. It burned a little at first but quickly began to feel really
good! He worked his finger in and out of my ass until I began to moan and
my butt relaxed more. He added another finger and slowly worked them both
up my ass. He moved against something deep in my ass and I almost felt like
I was going to cum! I jerked and my cock shot a small wad of cock-honey on
my stomach. Mike chuckled at my reaction.

"That's your prostate, bro. Your butt-nut. Feels good, don't it?" he asked.

"God! Yes!" I exclaimed. "Mike, are you going to fuck me?" I asked.

"Yeah, bro. If you want me to." he said.

"Oh, yes! Please! I want you to fuck me! I want to feel you inside me!" I
said.

I'd heard of buttfucking, but I didn't know it was true or if it was
possible. I never thought that Mike's big cock could fit in my little ass,
but with his working fingers, I began to believe that he could. He added a
third finger and worked a long time until my ass was loose and completely
open to him. Finally, he slopped some of the grease on his cock and he
knelt between my legs.

"Now this may hurt a little at first, bro. But I promise that you'll love
it before I'm done." he promised me as he put his cock head to my greasy
hole.

I nodded my head. I let him know that I was ready and in agreement with
this. He pressed the head of his cock against my hole and it began to move
into my body. His patience payed off and I felt no pain as his cock slid
completely into my butt. He stopped for a moment to check on how I was
doing. I smiled at him, letting him know that I was ok. He then began to
slowly fuck me. In and out, building power and speed. I was soon lost in
the incredible feelings built inside my body.

"Fuck me!" I begged Mike. " Fuck me harder!"

Mike took me at my word and began to fuck me harder and harder. Soon I
couldn't hold back any longer. My cock began firing shot after shot of cum
across my chest and stomach. At the same time, Mike began groaning and I
felt his cock expand in my butt and tremor as he shot his load deep in my
guts.

Mike stayed buried him my butt and collapsed on top of me. He kissed me
deeply as his stomach and chest rubbed my cum into both our bodies. I put
my arms around him and held him to me.

"Are you ok, Jason." Mike finally said after he got his breath back.

"Yes! It was wonderful! I loved it!" I assured him.

"I'm glad, bro. I promise this won't be the only time." he said.

But he lied. I would be the last time.

I didn't know it then, and neither did Mike. It was less than a week later
that he went out with some of his high school buddies and there was a
terrible automobile accident when their car was struck broadside by a truck
being driven by a guy who was drunk out of his mind. Mike was killed
instantly. I don't think that Dad, Eric, Brad or I ever really got over
it. We all moved out of the bunkhouse and back into the little room in the
house with Dad. There were no more mutual jack- off sessions between the
three of us and I never sucked either Brad or Eric's cock again. They both,
as was Mike's prediction, started getting into girls and I visited Mike's
grave almost every day. Finally, when I was 17, I told my Dad I wanted to
join the Marines. I think he understood that I wanted to get away from home
and away from all my memories of Mike. I don't know if Dad realized how
deep our relationship had been, but he knew how badly I had taken Mike's
death.

I went through boot camp and didn't get into anything with any of the other
guys. I was afraid of getting labeled as 'gay' or worse, getting thrown out
of the service. It was only after I found this old Mercedes 280 two-seater
convertible and found out that it needed a lot of work to really get it
running that I searched around and found this garage that was run by three
former Marine's. I got to be friends with Tim and Domingo. The other former
Marine, Ty, I liked a lot but he was more quiet and harder to get to
know. When I finally got to be close with Tim and Domingo, they asked me
over to the apartment they shared. It was then I found out they were lovers
and they found out that I was as gay as they had suspected I was. We had
some great three ways and I also got to finally find out about Ty. I
learned he had this lover named Brian who I finally got to meet when all of
us had dinner together one night. Ty and Brian lived in an apartment right
next to Tim and Domingo.

I got to know Brian and Ty pretty well after that. They amazed me! I'd
never met two people, of whatever sex, who loved each other as much as they
did. I guess I was still dealing with Mike's death and it was Brian that
took time to talk to me and help me finally put that behind me. I can't
ever forget Mike, and I'll never stop loving him, but Brian made me see
that Mike would never want me to mourn for him the way I was. That he would
want me to go on with my life and find someone else to love. I also
realized, in talking to Brian, that at the end of my tour in two years, I
needed to get out of the Corps because I didn't want to live a double life
and live in fear anymore of being thrown out.

After a while, Brian recruited me to be one of the Marine volunteers on the
AIDS ward where he was the nurse supervisor. I loved being around a lot of
the patients. A lot of them were gay men and I learned that it was safe to
be myself around them. I still hadn't found anyone to love, but I was
learning how to show caring to other guys.

That was until the day I walked onto the ward and one of the nurse, a black
woman named Belle, came to me and told me about this really young guy who'd
been brought up to the ward. She felt that he was depressed as he'd just
not only been gay-bashed the night before but had just found out that he
was HIV+ as well. I went down to his room and walked in. He was lying there
sleeping and I was almost knocked off my feet! He was absolutely gorgeous!
Probably the most beautiful boy I'd ever seen in my life. I think I fell in
love with him at that moment.

But he was very troubled. He lived on the streets and prostituted himself
after his parents threw him out of their house when they found out he was
gay - and he was only 15! I couldn't believe it!  His own parents put him
on the street and he ended up being a hustler and getting HIV because of
it! I couldn't believe what he had gone through in his life! I started
getting this strange feeling, like I wanted to be his older brother or
something and protect him. My memory flashed on that first night with Mike
and my brothers and how Mike had protected me when he thought Brad was
trying to hurt me. Suddenly, I understood how that felt and exactly how
Mike had loved me. In some way, I felt this was my chance to give all the
love that Mike had given me to someone who really needed it, too.

We sat and talked and he started crying. I put my arms around him and
that's when I became sure.  I was in love with him. I didn't care he was
16. I was only 19 and three years means nothing to me. But he needed to get
off the streets or he'd end up dead and I just couldn't allow that to
happen.

I went to see Brian and begged him to find a home for Scott. I even begged
him to give Scott a home with him and Ty. Brian said he would work on it so
I went back and sat with Scott some more. Well...maybe more than sit. We
did do a lot of touching, holding and kissing. He was shocked at first that
I wasn't afraid of him because of the infection. But I wasn't. I knew that
I couldn't get the virus from him unless we had unsafe sex. And without a
lock on the hospital room door, I wasn't about to have sex with him where
one of the nurse could walk in!

Brian finally came to talk to Scott and I went down to the cafeteria to
have something to eat.  When I got back, Brian was gone and Scott was very
excited. He was sure that Brian and Ty would take him in from the way that
Brian talked to him. But he didn't want me to leave him alone there. I
understood. Since I had just started a 72 hour pass, I had no reason to
leave. Scott finally got me to lie on the bed with him and hold him. Belle
came in after a while, and we were embarrassed by that, but she said that
it was ok and she would make sure we weren't disturbed.  We continued to
lie there, and for the first time, Scott and I fell asleep in each other's
arms.

The next morning, Brian and Ty both came in. I'd already gotten out of bed
with Scott and was sitting in a chair by his bed. But Brian quickly figured
out that I had spent the night with Scott.  Ty, Scott and Brian agreed that
Scott would come to live with them and I was welcome to spend time with him
whenever I could.

There was no doubt in my mind that I was in love with Scott. It didn't
matter to me what he had done in the past. He'd done what he had to do to
survive. I doubt, given the situation, I would have done as well. All that
mattered to me was now and the future. And I wanted to have a long future
with him - disease or no disease.

The end of Part 10 of THE MARINE NEXT DOOR

If you like the story, please write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. Please don't
make plot suggestions as by the time you read this, the entire story has
already been written.

If you want to have a complete listing of my stories on NIFTY (the ONLY
place I post them) write me and I will gladly send it to you.

And if you're reading this on NIFTY (more especially if you're not) please
consider making a donation to the site to keep it operating and free! Thank
you!

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 7)

Date: Thu, 27 Jun 2002 17:59:02 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: THE MARINE NEXT DOOR 9

Disclaimer: This is just a story. And it's about a Marine. Not a real one,
of course. Kind of a melding of a lot of them I've known in my life. Any
resemblance to any actual Marine is purely coincidence - but if there is, I
do wish he'd write me! Anyway, you know the drill, if you don't like sex
between males, what are you doing here? And if your Country, State,
Province, City, Town or Village won't let you read this kind of stuff -
MOVE!!! Somewhere where you can!

This story is dedicated to my friend PUP, who just LOVES Marines and
stories about them. I hope he loves this one. And I kind of hope it would
come true for him.

In the next chapters, you will hear the voices of all four of the main
characters - Brian, Ty, Scott and Jason. Their stories will be clearly
noted.


THE MARINE NEXT DOOR - Part 9
by RimPig (c) 2002

SCOTT'S STORY:

The music was blaring out of the front door of The Kismet, a real dive 4th
Street, that night as guys came and went. Only guys. The Kismet was a gay
bar, a place where men who wanted other men came to find them. Outside, a
guy who didn't have any luck inside finding someone, could always find
companionship for a few minutes, an hour or all night - depending on the
price. Most of the young entrepreneurs were too young to be inside The
Kismet, and so we waited on the streets for the older investors, most of
whom were old enough to be our father or grandfather.

I'd had been hanging around this bar for the last eight months. I'd heard
about the place from a kid I met on the street named 'Slasher'. Slasher had
never offered his real name and I didn't think it was probably a good idea
to ask him. Slasher could be a scary dude, especially when he got a hold of
some coke laced with PCP. But Slasher had told me about The Kismet and how
a young, cute boy could make himself money by offering his young body for
sale.

The day that I had met Slasher, I'd been on the streets for four days. I
hadn't eaten in all that time and was just about faint with hunger. In my
whole life, I'd never known what it was like to go without food that
long. I had almost no sleep for those four days as well. I had tried
sleeping in alleys and in the city park but fear wouldn't let me close my
eyes for more than a few minutes.  The streets were a scary place for
someone who was only 15. Especially for a 15 year old who had been raised
in the comfortable suburbs, far way from the realities of street life. I
was grossly unprepared for what had become my existence.

Worst of all, I could smell myself. I hadn't bathed or showered in all that
time and, while I'm normally turned on to the natural scent of a sweaty
male body (even to my own at times), this stink was far beyond what I
considered in any way erotic. I'd tried washing myself in the sink of a gas
station bathroom but that hadn't done much good. I'd wanted to go down to
the beach and plunge into the ocean, but the water was way too cold this
time of year. Nobody went there to swim in November.

How I had ended up on these streets, as I'd quickly learned from other boys
out there selling their bodies, was an all too common story. I had been
raised by parents who, in the 60's, would have been referred to as 'Jesus
Freaks' - Pentecostals who saw 'Satan' or 'Devils' in everything they
defined as evil. And what they defined as evil was just about everything!
They had dragged me to church three times on Sunday and three more times
during the week for as long as I could remember. They'd made me answer
altar calls and 'accept Jesus as my personal savior' more times than I
could count. They knew that I was inherently evil because they believed
everybody (except themselves) were inherently evil.

What they didn't know was that, by their definition and their church's
definition, I was 'evil'. I had known that since I was 12.  I knew that I
was the most evil type of person there was. The kind that the fat, sweaty
minister of my parent's church preached about all the time. And I wasn't
just 'evil', I was 'deviant' and a 'pervert' as well! I knew that I was a
homosexual. I loved other guys and that made me the worst kind of evil
imaginable.

I really tried to change that part of myself. I prayed, almost constantly
for God to change me. I really wanted to be 'normal'! I really wanted to be
what everyone wanted me to be! But the harder I tried to change, the more
it became clear that I couldn't. I couldn't understand why God didn't hear
my prayers. I couldn't understand why people in church seemed to get
anything they asked for from God, but he wouldn't listen to me!

When I was 14, everything changed for me. First of all, I went to high
school for the first time. In gym class, I finally got to see what I had
been fantasizing about! Naked guys! Naked cocks! So many and so many
different sizes and shapes, I thought my eyes would fall out of my head!
The first time I took a shower after gym, I got the biggest boner of my
life! I was so scared somebody would notice. But then I began to notice, I
wasn't the only one who had a boner. About half the guys had them and
nobody was saying a thing! I also noticed that most of the guys were
looking at each other, checking out each other's cocks. For a moment, I
thought that every one of them was like me - queer! But they all didn't
seem to react to each other the way I was reacting. It was some time before
I learned that this was normal behavior for all boys. We're all curious
about what other guys have between their legs.

Actually, somebody did notice my boner. He just didn't say anything for a
while about it. But he started talking to me and several days later we
ended up having lunch together. His name was Craig. Craig was a really good
looking guy. He was my age and he had dark, reddish brown hair with
sparkling green eyes. He had a very nice body. It wasn't too developed yet,
but he was smooth and sleek. He also had a very nice sized cock. Bigger
than mine, it looked to be about seven inches when it got hard in the
shower. Craig and I quickly became friends. We had most of our classes
together and spent a lot of time talking in between classes and at
lunch. Finally, after about a week, Craig invited me to his house after
school.

His parents weren't home. According to Craig, they almost never were. His
Dad was some type of executive who traveled a lot on business and his mom
was a real estate agent who spent a lot of time working. He said his Dad
was out of town for three days and his Mom had told him she wouldn't be
home until at least 9 p.m. We went up to his room. It was huge, compared to
mine.  In fact, their whole house would have held at least two of the house
we lived in. Craig and I were lying on his bed. It was a queen-size, which
I thought was strange for a kid to have. My parent's had one this big but
they were two people. Craig had this one all to himself. He told me his
parents had gotten a king-size bed and had given him this one.

We were lying there talking about stuff and leafing through some comic
books Craig had. After a while, as with all boys our age, the talk got
around to sex. Craig was certainly much better informed about things than I
was. He also had never been taught that it was a sin. In fact, Craig told
me that he'd never been to church in his life. His parents didn't believe
in God! This was something I couldn't believe! I'd always been taught that
people who didn't believe in God led horrible, depraved lives and had none
of the 'blessings', like nice houses and cars, that people in our church
thought came from faith. On the contrary, Craig and his parents lived
better than anyone in our church could ever dream of living.

It was then and there, I started to smell a rat! And the rat was my parents
and their preacher! It was like scales suddenly fell from my eyes and I
started to see the truth. They had been lying to me all these years. They
were no better than anyone else, regardless of what they thought. In fact,
they were a lot worse off then a lot of people. As more and more of what I
had been taught began to be called into question in my mind, I realized
that this stuff about me being 'evil' and 'perverted' was a bunch of crap
as well!

Suddenly Craig reached under his bed and brought out some glossy
magazines. These were not Playboy or Penthouse. These were hard-core
pornography! Pictures of naked men and women actually having sex! I'd heard
about the 'evils' of pornography, but I'd never seen any of it before.  I
instantly had a hardon from the pictures of the naked men with their hard
male cocks driving into women's pussies, mouths and asses.

Suddenly, in one of the books, there was a picture of two guys and a woman,
and one of the guys was sucking on the other one's cock!!! I just about
shot in my pants from it! I think Craig saw my reaction to the picture.

"That one's really hot, isn't it!" he asked. I couldn't talk, I could only
nod.

I could tell that he had a hardon, too, and was beginning to breath as
heavily as I was. The sexual tension between us was so thick you could cut
it with a knife! Without another word, Craig reached under his bed again
and brought out three more hard-core magazines, but these were
different. These had no women in it at all! Only men! Men - sucking each
other's cocks, licking each other's asses and fucking each other in the
butt! I was completely blown away! I didn't know what to do or what to say.

Suddenly, Craig pushed the magazines away and moved closer to me. We were
face to face, lying on our sides. He reached up and put his hand behind my
neck and pulled my face closer to his.  Then he leaned forward and put his
lips on mine! I closed my eyes and moaned from the touch of his lips and,
in so doing, slightly opened my mouth. Craig pressed his mouth against mine
harder and I suddenly felt his tongue sliding through the opening in my
mouth and forcing my mouth open wider! I could feel his tongue tasting
inside of my mouth, trying to lick at every part of me. I sucked on his
tongue and continued to moan into his mouth. Suddenly his tongue withdrew
and, without any conscious thought, mine followed until my tongue was
tasting the inside of his mouth.

At this, Craig's hand left my neck and he moved his hand down my back until
his arm pulled my body completely against his. I could feel his hardon
pressing against mine and I was afraid I was going to cum any second - and
we hadn't even taken our clothes off yet! But Craig was about to remedy
this! He pulled back from the kiss and looked deeply into my eyes. I could
see the heat and lust in his sparkling green eyes.

"I want to see you naked. Now!" he said.

I didn't answer, I simply got up off the bed and quickly began to
undress. Craig watched until I was naked and then reached for me. I danced
away from him, however.

"Now you!" I said. "I want to see you!" I was breathing so hard I could
barely get the words out.

Craig gave me a very horny grin and then got up off the bed and slowly
began to undress. It was kind of like a strip-tease, though I didn't know
what that was at the time. I just knew that his slow revealing of his naked
body was driving me nuts and making my cock drip pre-cum all over his
bedroom rug!

When Craig was finally naked, he moved over to me and took me in his arms
again. It felt so good, so right feeling his arms around me. How could this
be a 'sin'?! I reached out and put my arms around him. God! How good it
felt to have his strong body in my arms! He leaned in and kissed me
again. My mouth opened automatically and I was sucking on his tongue as it
came through my teeth. I'd never felt like this in my whole life, but I
knew it was a feeling that I wanted more of - no matter what it cost
me. Little did I know what it would cost me!

Craig pulled back from the kiss and told me to lay down on his bed. I lay
on my back and Craig got on top of me. The feelings of safety and security
with him on me were bringing out emotions I didn't even know I had. I could
feel his hard cock pressing against my own. We were both dripping copiously
and the slickness of our pre-cum was covering the lower part of my stomach
and making our cocks glide comfortably against each other. Craig was
kissing and licking at my neck and shoulder and gradually moving down my
body.

He got to my chest and began sucking and nibbling on one of my nipples. A
shock went through my body like a charge of electricity and I moaned loudly
and involuntarily thrust my chest up to his mouth. I had no idea that my
nipples were that sensitive! In fact, I was to learn that day that there
were many parts of my body which were very sensitive that I had all but
ignored before.

Craig's mouth worried at my other nipple, causing the same reaction in
me. Then, forcing my arms above my head, he did something that completely
shocked me! He buried his face in my armpit and began breathing deeply of
my scent! I had noticed the scent of boys around me in the locker room at
school and I had drunk as deeply of that smell as I dared without anyone
noticing.  But I thought that I was the only boy in the world who found the
scent of another boy's body to be pleasing. Actually, beyond pleasing!
Fuck! I had no idea that there were any other boys in the world who wanted
to have sex with each other until today! I was learning an awful lot at
once and my mind was reeling from all of the knowledge.

Craig began to lick out my pits. The small puff of hair that had taken so
long to finally grow was soon completely soaked with his spit. He then
changed to the other armpit and repeated his action, beginning with
smelling my sweaty scent. He again licked out the pit until it was soaked
in his sweat while I lay there moaning in exquisite agony at the feelings
he was evoking in my body.

Having gotten every bit of scent and taste from my pit, Craig moved on down
my body. He licked across my stomach, leaving a trail of his spit cooling
on my skin. He licked out and sucked on my 'innie' belly button until I
thought I would go crazy! Finally, he moved down to my groin.

He first moved my hardon out of the way with his hand and buried his nose
in my pubic hair. This small puff of blond hair above my cock had also only
grown within the last six months. I was inordinately proud, as most boys
are, when it finally began to grow. Craig spent a long time sniffing and
licking his way through it, gathering every bit of scent and taste that was
trapped there. Then he began to lick in the folds of where my thighs met my
groin and tasting the sweat that had accumulated there. Finally he reached
my balls. I had no hair on them. It hadn't begun to grow yet. The skin
there was very soft and sensitive though. I had felt myself there while
jacking off so I knew that my balls had a very male smell to them (I
couldn't resist smelling my fingers after playing with my balls. I think
all guys do it sometimes.). I was so turned on at this point that my ball
sack was pulled up tight to my body and the wrinkly skin of my nutsack was
emitting that odor peculiar to guys' balls.

Craig moaned at the scent of my balls and began to lick all over my nutsack
and to suck my balls into his mouth where his tongue continued to lave them
with his spit. I finally moaned that I was going to cum! Craig immediately
stopped what he was doing and rose until he was again beside me on the
bed. I was horrified at first! I thought he was rejecting me! But I looked
in his eyes and knew he was just as horny for me as I was for him. I gave
him a questioning look, however.

"You're turn." he said softly.

Oh, God! My turn!!! How I wanted 'My turn'!!!

I quickly got on top of Craig and kissed him deeply. He lay there with his
arms around me for a few moments and then moved them over his head. This
was his signal to me that he was ready for what my mouth could do to him. I
quickly got the message and began to imitate all of the actions he had done
to my body.

I moved down his neck first, kissing and sucking at the skin. There was a
find sheen of sweat on his body from our sexual antics and I could taste
the saltiness and something that was definitely but indefinably Craig. I
moved down to his chest and took his small nipple into my mouth. I sucked
on it like I was a baby expecting milk to flow into me. Craig moaned and a
thrill went through me! I was able to give pleasure to someone! This
thrilled me almost as much as what Craig had done to me! I continued to
nurse at one and then the other nipple before moving up to his armpits. I
suddenly was in heaven! I did not have to fill my nose with his scent on
the sly. I could take deep whiffs of his sweaty boy-scent and not have to
be afraid of what he might think!  And I did! I snorted in his pit like a
pig and finally began to taste the salty, musky taste of his
maleness. Nothing in my life prepared me for what that taste was like. It
was like no other and yet was vaguely familiar. It so perfectly matched the
scent of it! It was a taste that said 'male', and I was hooked immediately
- forever!

I soaked both his pits in my saliva before moving down the smooth skin of
his young body. I licked across he chest and down his stomach. I, too,
following his example, licked and sucked at his navel before moving down
and burying my face in his dark, thick pubic hair. Craig had a lot more
hair than I did. It even covered his balls. I nosed my way through his
fragrant crotch hair. I could smell sweat and piss and some of his
pre-cum. It was a heady mixture and I loved it! I licked in the creases of
his legs and tasted the sweat there before moving down to his nuts.

I thought his pits and crotch hair were scented wonderfully, but nothing
prepared me for his ball!  Oh, God! His nuts smelled so fucking good! I
couldn't help myself, I was snorting like a pig and didn't care if Craig
could hear me or not! But, of course he could.

"Yeah, man! Smell my fuckin' nuts! Get off on my sweaty balls, man!" he
moaned.

And I did! I pig out on the smell of his balls. By this time, my cock was
hard again and was dripping cock-snot all over Craig's bed. I was really
getting of on the smells of his body! But then I remembered, where there
was smell - there was taste! I began to lick and the taste of his sweaty
balls went right to my head! I was lost to the taste! I'd never tasted
anything so wonderful as his nuts! It was later that I learned that all
men's balls tasted great. For now, Craig's nuts all but became my god!

While I continued licking his balls, I suddenly started to taste something
different, something sweet as well as salty. I looked up and could see the
trail of cock-snot leading from his nuts where I had been licking to the
head of his cock. I wanted more! My tongue followed the trail of glistening
liquid, tasting more and more of his cock-snot. I reached the head of his
cock and began sucking on the head, sucking down more and more of the tasty
liquid. As I sucked on his cock head, Craig was moaning at my actions. I
started to let more and more of his cock slide into my mouth. I loved the
feel of his cock in my mouth. It felt so comfortable and tasted so good! It
felt like this is what I had wanted all my life and it seemed so natural to
do. Before I knew it, I was moving my head faster and faster up and down
his cock and I could tell he was about to cum.

Craig rose up and pushed me off his cock. He pushed me down on the bed and
began sucking me again. I was quickly moaning and moving towards
cumming. At that point, Craig moved over me and his cock dangled over my
face. I reached up and pulled it down and went back to sucking it as Craig
continued to suck me. We both were moaning around each other's cocks and
gobbling for all we were worth. I guessed correctly that we weren't going
to stop. It was obvious that Craig was going to let me cum in his mouth and
I certainly wanted him to cum in mine! I had tasted his pre-cum. Now I
wanted desperately to taste his cum! And I wasn't denied for long.  Almost
without realizing it, my orgasm was upon me and I was pouring my cum into
Craig's mouth when suddenly his cock began to spurt his cum into my
mouth. I nearly drowned in it! I didn't realize that there would be so much
of it! But I quickly began to swallow the wonderful tasting cream from his
balls. I was completely addicted to the taste of his cum in seconds. Even
before he stopped cumming, I wanted to suck him off again and taste some
more!

But our cocks quickly became far too sensitive to touch and we pulled out
of each other's mouths and lay back down beside each other. Craig took me
in his arms and again pressed his mouth to mine. He licked out my mouth,
tasting his own cum and then allowed me to lick out his mouth and taste my
own. I discovered that I loved the taste of my own as well! It wasn't that
different.

I lay there with Craig's arms around me. I never felt so comfortable in my
life. I now knew not only what I was, what I wanted, but I knew that it was
beautiful! It was not 'sin'. It was love. Just like any other love.

Craig and I continued to sleep together at every opportunity. I was in love
with him, but I realize now that he wasn't in love with me. He wasn't cruel
or anything, but Craig was the kind of guy who wasn't interested in being
in love. At least not then. Maybe when he gets older that will change, but
for now, he was just looking for fun. And I was a lot of fun for him. He
loved the fact that I was a virgin and he could train me. He taught me
many, many things. He taught me how to get fucked and to fuck. He taught me
the joy of eating butt. But most of all, he taught me that sex was not
evil.

After a while, we grew apart and he went on to having sex with other guys
and I did, too. But I had a smaller pool to play in then he did. I wasn't
able to so easily find conquests as he did. And I ended up making a
terrible mistake.

There was this other guy at church. He was older than I was. He was 17 and
he was gorgeous.  Tall, well-built, beautiful face and a great
personality. I went head over heals for him and thought he felt the same
way about me. One night, I got the chance to spend the night with him at
his house. I felt so good, so comfortable with him. I just knew he was
gay. What I didn't figure on was that he was fighting it - trying to make
religion 'cure' him, just like I had.

I came onto him and he very gently turned me down. Instead he wanted to
pray together. I was done with that and told him so. He didn't say
anything, but the next day, he told my parents what had happened. He, of
course, left anything about himself out of it. That was the day that I was
met when I came home from school and my parents all but attacked me! They
called me a deviate and a pervert and told me that they no longer had a
son! They told me I had to leave. When I asked therm where I was supposed
to go, they said they didn't care! I could just go where all the other
perverts went! I shoved some clothes in my backpack and left.

I wandered the streets and four days later met Slasher. He let me take a
shower at his place and then I went where he told me and I had my first sex
for money. Actually, the first one wasn't so bad. It was an older guy, but
all he wanted to do was suck my cock. I didn't even think I could get it up
but he was very good and I came in spite of my hunger. He paid me $50 and I
ate and got someplace to finally sleep that night. A broken down hotel
where I got a room for $12 a night. I continued to work the streets and
finally just fell into days and nights of hustling - most of which I don't
remember. They just all blend into a sameness.

Until that night. I didn't even see it coming. I was looking for a trick
when suddenly I was surrounded by five young guys. I could smell booze on
them and they started calling me names - mostly though they called me
"Faggot". When I tried to get away, they got even angrier and started
beating on me. None of the men in the gay bar would do anything or any of
the other working boys. If it hadn't been for a cop coming by and breaking
it up, they probably would have killed me.

The cop didn't make an effort to catch any of them. He just put me in his
police car and took me to the hospital. There they asked me a lot of
questions. They'd already given me something for the pain I was feeling and
I ended up telling them the truth. A nurse talked to me about running a
test for HIV and, unfortunately I 'passed' it. I was HIV+. I was so freaked
that when they wanted to take me upstairs and put me in a room, I started
screaming that I didn't want to be with straight people! I was scared
everyone would know that I was a hustler and that I had the virus.  So they
took me upstairs and put me in the AIDS ward!

It was morning by that time and this big, black nurse came in to talk to
me. She was so nice to me. She didn't act like I was a piece of shit, even
though that's what I felt like. She told me that I was not sick. That the
HIV wasn't advanced in me at all. That I'd been lucky to find out this soon
after I was evidently infected. At this early stage, I might not even have
to go on medication but I could be watched and the doctors could make sure
that I stayed healthy as long as possible.

While she talked to me, I felt some hope. But after she left, I started to
really assess my situation.  I was 16 years old. I had no high school
diploma. I had nothing to do to make money but to hustle and now I had
AIDS! Fuck! No body cared about me, nobody gave a damn! I paced up and down
the room and finally stopped in front of the window. It was the 4th floor,
I remembered that.  I looked down and figured that from that height, there
would be no chance of surviving the fall.  An easy answer to everything. I
could just end my misery with on little step.

It was that moment that I heard a guy's voice. He told me the window
wouldn't open so I couldn't jump from there. I was shocked that he seemed
to be able to read my mind. I spun around and looked at him. He was
evidently another nurse. This must be the supervisor. The black nurse had
told me he would be in to see me, that he was gay, too, and had a lover who
used to be a Marine.

I told him that all I wanted to do was die. And he yelled at me! He told me
off good!  And what did I do? I fucking started bawling like a baby. He
took me in his arms and let me cry until I was done. Then he started
talking to me about getting off the street. But I told him there was no way
I was going to end up in foster care. I knew several guys, including my
best friend on the streets (a little guy named Joey) who'd been raped in
foster care!

We talked some more and he told me I'd be there for a couple of days. That
he would try to find someplace for me. I told him about my parents. What
they had done to me. I figured he'd probably call them, so he'd better be
warned what kind of reception he'd get.

He left and I got back in the bed. I was still in some pain but they'd
given me something for it, and as I lay there, I started drifting off to
sleep. I woke up with a start when the door to my hospital room suddenly
opened. I thought I was still asleep and dreaming because there, standing
in the doorway, was the cutest fucking guy I'd ever seen in my entire life!
And he was dressed like a Marine!!!

He came in and asked me how I was doing. I told him I was ok. He was
evidently real. I just couldn't understand what the fuck he was doing in my
room! He couldn't be here to recruit me!

"No," he said. "I'm not here to recruit you!" and he laughed. "I'm Jason. I
volunteer here."

Oh, my God! I must have said that out loud! What a dork he's going to think
I am!

"You know what kind of a ward this is, don't you?" I asked, figuring he was
lost and got on the wrong floor of the hospital.

"Yeah. I know. I only volunteer on this floor." he told me.

"But why?" I just couldn't understand why this incredibly gorgeous Marine
would volunteer in an AIDS ward!

"Because it makes me feel good! I'm gay and a lot of people on this floor
are gay. I get to be myself with them and I get to be there for them. A lot
of them have no family or no family that will have anything to do with
them. And some of them get real lonely. I try to make them feel better." he
told me.

'Oh, my God!' I thought to myself, 'This hunk is gay! And a fucking 'Boy
Scout'! Maybe there is a God!' but I didn't say that to him.

"Well, I not in here because I have AIDS." I told him.

I didn't want him to feel sorry for me or anything. In fact, for some
reason, I wanted more than anything in the world for him to like me.

"No, I know. They told me you got beat up - gay-bashed. I wish I knew who
it was who did that to someone as cute as you! I know how to take another
guy apart with my bare hands. The training they give you in the Corps can
come in handy." he said, his voice full of anger at what happened to me.

Wait a second, did he just say that I was cute?! Oh, fuck! This can't be
happening! He's got the wrong guy. I'm not worthy of somebody like him. Not
with the things I've done.

"Thanks, but I don't want you taking anybody apart over me. I'm not worth
it." I said.

"What do you mean? Your worth it! And a lot more!" he said earnestly, his
voice so sweet and caring.

"No, I'm not. Didn't they tell you what I was doing out on that street?" I
said. I wanted to get him off this!

"No, they didn't." he said.

"I was hustling! I was selling my body to make money! I'm a fucking
prostitute! OK!" I was practically screaming at him.

I didn't know what the fuck I was doing! Here was this beautiful guy and I
was screaming at him!  I was trying to make him hate me! I guess I wanted
him to hate me as much as I hated myself at that point.

"Why would you do that?" he asked, his voice still as sweet and kind as it
had been.

"Because I had no other way to eat and get a place to sleep!" I said,
trying to wake him up to the reality of who and what I was.

"What about your parents? Why aren't they taking care of you?" he asked.

"Because they threw me out when I was 15. They didn't like the idea that
their son was a faggot!  They're big religious freaks and they couldn't
deal with what I am." I explained.

I don't know why, but at that point, I started crying again. He got up and
came over and sat on the bed and took me in his arms. I melted into him and
continued to sob. I was so embarrassed to be doing this but, at the same
time, I couldn't remember feeling this good at having someone's arms around
me since that first day with Craig. But I was older now. I'd done things
that I didn't even want to remember. I didn't have the right to have this
'Boy Scout' of a Marine holding me!  But he didn't let go. He continued to
hold me, even after I'd finally stopped crying. It was then that his arms
started to really feel good! As did his hand, gently stroking my hair. And
I could smell the scent of him, his maleness locked in a fog of clean sweat
and soap.

"Aren't you afraid to touch me? You know I have the virus." I said softly
looking up into his face.

"No, there's no danger to holding you! You can't get it by touching
somebody. There's not even any danger in doing this." and as he said this,
he leaned down and gently kissed me on the lips.

I guess he could see the surprise on my face because he smiled.

"Or even this." he added.

And this time, he pressed his lips to mine and I could feel his tongue
press against my lips, forcing its way inside my mouth. I opened to him and
let him take control! I was moaning as he kissed me deeply, his tongue
filling my mouth and me sucking on it. Then it withdrew and mine followed
and I tasted him for the first time. Never, not even with Craig, had I felt
this way. It was like I was trying to pour myself into him and wanted him
to pour himself into me.

I finally pulled back and looked him in the face. He was slightly older
than me. I guessed no more than 19. He had dark red hair and deep green
eyes. A beautiful face and the cutest freckles sprinkled across his nose. I
figured him for about six feet tall and maybe 180. His body was tight and
his arms were muscular, that much I could feel through the olive green
fatigues he was wearing. His hair was really short! Almost shaved on the
sides with a strip on top, which had it been more than half an inch long,
could almost have been called a Mohawk. But it looked good on him somehow.

He continued to smile at me while I just stared. Surely kissing someone,
especially the way he'd just kissed me, went way beyond the duties of any
'volunteer'! What the fuck did he want? I knew precisely what I wanted. I
wanted him to pick me up in his arms and carry me the fuck out of this
hospital and make love to me for the rest of my life.

Oh! Fuck! What the hell am I thinking! I can't make love to him at all!
Ever! I'm infected! I can't pass this fucking virus on to him! At this I
started to cry again. He didn't say a word, just pulled my head to his
chest and let me cry. Oh, why did I have to meet this guy now! Why did I
have to meet him at all! I just wanted to die.

"What's the matter, babe?" he asked, his voice low and intimate.

I didn't know what to say. How to tell him what I was feeling. I've never
been much of a liar. I decided to just tell him the truth.

"I want you. I really do. But you know it can't happen. Ever." I said,
pulling back out of his arms and wiping my eyes with the back of my
hand. "Maybe you just ought to go away and forget you ever met me."

"Why would I want to do that?" he asked, a puzzled look on his face. "I
want you, too! I don't think I've ever wanted someone as much as I want
you."

"No! Don't say that! Don't you see? It can't happen! Never!" I said as
strongly as I could, still feeling like I was going to break down again any
moment.

"Why not? Do you already have someone?" he asked, and I could hear the
disappointment in his voice.

"Oh, yeah! Like THAT could happen!" I almost laughed at the joke of
it. "The only guys who would want me pay me by the hour!"


"Then what's the problem?" he asked.

"I'm infected! I have AIDS! Don't you get it? I can't ever make love to
you! I don't want you to be infected, too!" I tried to get some sense into
his thick Marine head!

"That doesn't matter. Haven't you ever heard of "Safe Sex"?" he asked.

"Sure, I've heard of it. You wear condoms and it feels like you're not even
fucking!" I said.

"Yes it does. Believe me. I always wear one when I'm fucking. And I always
make the other guy wear one if he's going to fuck me. And I can't get the
virus from you sucking me." he said.

I was stopped in my tracks. Ok, so we could have sex. He could make love to
me. Why would he want to?

"Look," I said. "You are so incredibly beautiful, you can find any healthy
guy! Why would you want to bother with me?"

"Maybe somebody else wouldn't need me as much as I think you do. And maybe
it's because I don't want somebody else. I want you. And maybe it's because
I need you, too." he said it so sincerely that I couldn't believe he meant
anything else but what he was saying.

"What could you possibly need me for?!"

"Because nobody in my entire life ever told me that I was beautiful
before." he said, looking down avoiding my stare.

Oh, God! This guy was WAY too much! He's everything I've ever wanted in my
life! Why the fuck am I trying to hard to push him away?! I don't want him
to go! I want him to stay here and hold me some more! I want him to tell me
that everything is going to be all right!

I tentatively reached out my hand and touched his arm. He looked up and
stared directly into my eyes. I gave him a smile. I've had people tell me I
have a nice smile. I just haven't had too much to smile about in a long
time. He smiled back and then reached out his arms. I fell back into them
and he squeezed me to him and I held onto him like he was a life preserver
and I was drowning!  We stayed like that a long time. Me laying in his arms
and him gently stroking my hair or kissing the top of my head.

"You know I'm falling in love with you." I said quietly, after a long time
of no sound between us.

"God, I hope so! I'm already in love with you." he said.

"What are we going to do?" I asked because I knew the situation was still
pretty hopeless.

"I'm going to go and talk to Brian. His lover Ty is one of my best
friends. If anybody can do something, Brian can. He's a great guy and he
really cares." Jason said.

"Yeah, I know. I already met him. He might not have the same opinion of me
that you do, though.  I wasn't at my best when I met him." I told him.

"That's OK, I'm sure Brian understands." Jason chuckled.

"What's so funny?" I asked sitting up and looking at the goofy, adorable
grin on his face.

"You try to act like such a bad-ass, but you're so sweet and loving
inside." he said, his eyes full of love for me.

I was completely taken aback by this. I'm not used to anyone loving me. I'm
especially not used to them seeing right through all my defenses.

"Well, let's just keep that our secret for the moment, shall we?" I asked
with an exaggerated show of dignity, wrapping my hospital gown tighter
around me like it was a mink coat!

Jason really cracked up laughing at that and, I have to admit, so did
I. All of a sudden, we were just two young kids together. It had been so
long! It felt so good!

He went away for a while to see Brian. All the time he was gone, I kept
trying to talk myself out of being in love with him. What did I have to
offer? Nothing! I was only 16, I was HIV+, I was living on the streets, I
had not education - no future, the only thing I knew how to do to make
money was to whore myself to any man who'd pay! What the fuck could I
possibly offer to this beautiful, loving guy?! I went on like that for a
long time. But it didn't work. Something kept bringing me back to that look
I saw in his eyes. I had wanted love so badly for such a long time and here
was somebody offering it. I didn't deserve it, didn't have anything to
offer in return and none of that seemed to matter to him at all. I knew I
should just get out of here so he'd never see me again. That would be
best. Get out and never let him find me.

There were only a couple of things wrong with that plan, however. Number
one, I had no fucking idea where my clothes were! I was only wearing a thin
little hospital gown that left my bare ass hanging out in back! Number two,
I had no place to go! And, if that wasn't enough - Number three, I didn't
want to! I didn't want to blow the chance that this might be real. That I
could really have somebody who would love me and stand by me.

About the time that I got to that point, he was back, grinning that goofy
grin of his at me. My heart soared! Never before could just somebody
walking in a room send me spinning, but this guy could! He sat down on the
bed, took me in his arms and gently kissed me. I kissed back and threw my
arms around his neck. When I was in his arms, nothing whatever was wrong!
It was like the whole world was going the right way for once. Then he
pulled back to look at me.

"I talked to Brian." he said.

"And...?" I asked.

"He's going to ask Ty - that's his lover - if they can take you to live
with them!" He grinned.

I couldn't believe it! I didn't know these people - never met any of them
until today, but here they were - one offering me all his love and the
other offering me someplace to live and a way off the streets! Nobody had
ever been that good to me - not even if they wanted in my pants!

"Why would he do that?" I asked, astounded.

"That's the way Brian and Ty are. You never saw two guys more in love with
each other. And I know Ty. He acts all gruff and such - he was a Lance
Corporal in the Corps when he and Brian met - but he's got a heart as big
as Brian's. There's no chance he's going to say 'no', especially if Brian
is doing the asking! I'm willing to bet that Ty's never said no to Brian in
the four years they've been together." Jason said.

"God, I hope you're right. But..." I started to ask about him and me, but
stopped. Maybe I was presuming too much. Maybe he just wanted to help me
find a way off the streets.

"But what?" he asked.

"Nothing." I said.

"No, it was something. Now what?" his voice was quiet, but I could tell he
was not going to let this go.

"Ok, ok! I was going to ask about you and me." I said, hanging my head,
afraid to look at him.

"What about you and me?" he asked, confusion in his voice.

Oh, fuck! I pushed this one too far! I should have known better. What the
fuck would he want with a 16 year old kid anyway.

"Oh, nothing..." I said, still refusing to look at him.

He sat there for a few moments trying to figure this all out when finally
he reached over and, taking my chin in his hand, lifted my head until his
beautiful green eyes were staring straight into mine.

"There is no 'you' and 'me' anymore, Scott. There is only 'us'. I want
you. I don't just want to sleep with you, though God know's, if there was a
way to lock that door over there I'd take you in this fucking hospital bed
right now! I want you. I want you to love me. I already know that I love
you. I'll take you for as long as you'll have me. Now that I've found you,
I'll be fucked if I'm going to lose you!" he swore with such certainty in
his voice, I had no doubt he meant every word.

"Oh, Jason, I do love you! I don't understand why you want me, but for as
long as you do, I'm yours! I swear I'll never even look at another man the
rest of my life! I don't have anything else to offer you!" I swore.

"Scott, you just offered me something that is the most precious thing in
the fucking world!  Yourself - your love. I know what you've been and can
guess at what you've had to do. I don't blame you for any of that! But tell
me the truth, no matter what somebody offered - no matter how much - would
your love be for sale?" he asked.

I was rocked by his question. I didn't think that my love for him was such
a precious gift, but putting it the way he had, I could see how he felt
that it was. And he was right. If somebody offered me a million dollars,
that couldn't make me love them.

"No, Jason. My love is not, nor ever has been, for sale. It's never been
given to anybody but you before. I didn't know there was somebody like you
in the world to give it to!" I told him.

And then he took me in his arms and kissed me again. God! Could this guy
kiss! He had my toes curling just from the way he licked at my tongue! I
couldn't get enough of him. But I think we both decided that if we didn't
stop, we would end up going at it right here in my hospital bed.  And boy
wouldn't THAT shock the nurses. Or maybe, it wouldn't. But either way,
neither one of us wanted to find out.

Jason got off the bed and instead dragged one of the chairs over to the
side of my bed and sat down. He took my hand in his, and I lay back and we
talked. We talked for hours! We told each other our life stories. I told
him some of what happened to me, but not too much. I don't think he wanted
to hear details and I sure would rather forget them!

Later, Brian came back to see me and Jason left to go down to the cafeteria
to get something to eat. Brian told me about the plan to have me live with
him and his lover. He also told me that he hadn't had a chance to talk to
his lover yet and couldn't guarantee how his lover would take to the
idea. But he told me he would try. I remembered what Jason had said about
Brian's relationship and asked if his lover had ever said 'no' to him about
anything. Brian thought for a while, but finally admitted that Ty had never
said 'no' to him about anything!

Brian left and Jason came back. We talked some more. Actually talked more
hours away because the next thing I knew, it was dark outside and the
hospital PA system was announcing the end of visiting hours. I was
heart-broken, I didn't want Jason to leave. About that time, Belle came
back in. She looked at Jason and me sitting there, holding hands.

"My, my! Don't you two look happy together! You know, the best medicine in
the world is love."  she said.

I blushed and looked over at Jason who had also turned bright red.

"Now, don't you two get upset. There's nothing more beautiful than two
young people in love with each other. I'll make sure you two aren't
disturbed. You just ring if you need anything. Ok?'  she asked.

We thanked her and she left.

"Don't you have to go home?" I asked Jason.

"You mean back to base? No, I've got a 72 hour pass. Don't have to be back
until the day after tomorrow. Why, you want me to go?" he asked.

"No! I just didn't want to interfere. You've spent so much time with me
already, I don't want to monopolize your life." I said.

He leaned over and kissed me and then, with his face still close to mine,
he said, "You are my life."

I wrapped my arms around him and pulled him into the bed with me. I'd had
enough of holding hands. I wanted to feel his arms around me. I wanted to
feel his body next to mine.

And for the next few hours, that's the way things were. I lay in his arms,
him holding me, and we talked some more. Finally, there was nothing more to
talk about and we just held each other. And without realizing when, we fell
asleep together.

The end of Part 9 of THE MARINE NEXT DOOR

If you like the story, please write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. Please don't
make plot suggestions as by the time you read this, the entire story has
already been written.

If you want to have a complete listing of my stories on NIFTY (the ONLY
place I post them) write me and I will gladly send it to you.

And if you're reading this on NIFTY (more especially if you're not) please
consider making a donation to the site to keep it operating and free!

Thank you,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 8)

Date: Thu, 27 Jun 2002 17:59:02 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: THE MARINE NEXT DOOR 8

Disclaimer: This is just a story. And it's about a Marine. Not a real one,
of course. Kind of a melding of a lot of them I've known in my life. Any
resemblance to any actual Marine is purely coincidence - but if there is, I
do wish he'd write me! Anyway, you know the drill, if you don't like sex
between males, what are you doing here? And if your Country, State,
Province, City, Town or Village won't let you read this kind of stuff -
MOVE!!! Somewhere where you can!

Oh, one more thing. This story is dedicated to my friend PUP, who just
LOVES Marines and stories about them. I hope he loves this one. And I kind
of hope it would come true for him.


THE MARINE NEXT DOOR - Part 8
by RimPig (c) 2002

That night, I got home a little later than usual. When I walked in the
apartment, I got the shock of my life! There was the table set with my
mother's wedding china and linens and her silver candlesticks! It was just
like that first night when I met Ty and the guys. Only there was a bottle
of champagne chilling in a bucked filled with ice!

Ty stood in the door to the kitchen, grinning at me.

"Surprise, Babe!" he said.

I walked over to him and he took me in his arms and gave me a deep kiss
with lots of tongue!

"What's this all about?" I asked.

"Our anniversary! You've forgotten! It was 4 years ago tonight that we
met." he said, gazing into my eyes. Oh, the love I saw in his.

"Oh, God! Ty! I'm so sorry! I've been so overwhelmed with things it
completely slipped my mind!" I apologized.

"Don't! I know how hard you've been working lately, being the new ward
supervisor and all. I wanted to do this for you - for us." he said, kissing
me again.

"Yeah, but last time I cooked! Did you cook? And, dare I ask, what?" I
grinned at him. Ty still was no cook. He was trying, but he still hadn't
quite gotten it.

"No, I didn't cook. Your mother did. She came over this afternoon and did
all the cooking and helped me get this ready for you." he laughed.

"So that's where she went this afternoon. I was trying to talk to her about
something but she wasn't there!" I said.

"Yep. She told me she's made all your favorite dishes. I just have to serve
it!" he said. "Now you sit down and let me get things started."

We had a wonderful dinner and, yes, Mom had made all of my favorites. We
sat there drinking the champagne after dinner and gazing lovingly into each
other's eyes. I was so happy. Here we were, four years later, still
together, more in love than ever!

"I have a little surprise for you. Close your eyes." Ty said.

"What? What have you done now?" I asked.

"Close your eyes!" that Marine 'command voice' came out and I quickly shut
my eyes.

I heard him get up and go in the other room and then come back and sit
down.

"Ok, you can open them." he said.

I opened my eyes and looked into his. He directed his eyes to the table in
front of me. I looked down and here was a very small box tied with
'rainbow' ribbon.

"Ty, what is it?" I asked.

"Open it and find out." he said.

I pulled off the ribbon and the white gauzy paper that covered it. It was a
black box like that which would come from a jewelry store. I looked at Ty
questioningly. He merely smiled.

"Go ahead, open it." he said.

I opened the lid, and there, laying in black velvet, were two simple gold
bands - each with a diamond in them.

"I had to guess at your size. The jeweler said he would size it for you if
it was wrong." Ty told me.

I reached into the box and took the two rings into my hand. One was smaller
than the other and I went to put it on. But Ty quickly took it out of my
fingers and took my left hand in his and got down on his knees next to my
chair.

"We'll probably never be able to do this in a church but...Brian Connors,
with this ring, I thee wed and pledge you my love forever." And saying
this, he slipped the ring on my finger and then kissed it. It fit me
perfectly.

Tears of joy were pouring down my face. I still held the other ring in my
hand. I took his left hand in mine and looking up into his eyes, I said:

"Tyler Harrison, with this ring, I thee wed and pledge you my love
forever!" I could barely get the words out through my tears.

I kissed the ring on Ty's hand and when I looked up into his eyes, I could
see tears pouring down his face as well. He reached out and took me in his
arms, and we kissed deeply. Then he stood up, and just like that first
night, he picked me up and carried me to our bedroom. He gently lay me on
the bed and then stood there looking down at me.

"If anybody had told me four years ago that I could ever love someone as
much as I love you, Bri, I would have told them they were crazy! I didn't
think you could love this much! But I do, babe! I swear I do! It's been
hard these last four years, but being with you - every day has been better
than the one before!" he said, quietly, his voice husky with his tears and
his emotions.

I couldn't speak. I reached my arms up and he got in bed on top of me and
we kissed. That kiss was so deep that I lost all sense of time and
place. There was only Ty and only our mouths pressed against one another as
our tongues tasted each other. Through that kiss, we expressed all of the
love that we had for each other. As well as the promise of more love to
come.

He pulled away from my lips and began to kiss and lick at my neck. I moaned
at his mouth on my skin. In four years, I had never lost my desire for
him. In fact, that had grown as well. Now it wasn't because he was the
beautiful hunk of a Marine. It was because he was my beautiful Ty! My
lover, my partner, my best friend. Now all of the love I felt for him was
bound up in my physical need of him. He could easily set me on fire with
just a look, much less what he was doing now!

He began by unbuttoning my white uniform shirt and lay bare my chest and
stomach. He quickly moved to my nipples and began to gently suck and lick
at them. I moaned and pushed my chest up to his sucking mouth at the feel
of the wet warmth. His tongue flicked against my sensitive nipple and I
moaned again, louder this time. He raised his head grinning.

"See, I keep telling you that you're the noisy one!" he chuckled.

I grabbed his ears and pulled his smirking face back to my chest! I was in
no mood for jokes! I wanted Ty and I wanted him now! And he quickly
discovered how much when he moved his hand down and found my erection
straining against the fly of my pants.

"Somebody's horny!" he said chuckling.

"Somebody in this bed is going to get fucked in about 2 minutes! You make
up your mind which one of us it's going to be!" I said.

"Oh, no! We're not rushing this! I want you to enjoy it! I want you to
remember it!" he said, grinning down at me.

"Can't I enjoy it the second time?" I pleaded. "I don't know how long I can
take this!"

"You're going to enjoy it the first time, the second time and - if I have
anything to say about it - the third time as well!" Ty said, a horny smirk
on his face.

"Getting pretty sure of yourself, aren't you. You sure you can get it up
three times?" I laughed.

"Don't have to. You're going to be doing some of the fucking tonight as
well, lover!" he said.

And with this, he parted my pants and dug out my hard cock. He licked the
dripping head and then, with one lunge, buried it all the way in his throat
until his nose was pressed in my pubic hair.  I involuntarily raised my
hips and shoved my cock deeper in his throat at the intense feeling of
heat, wet and tightness I felt around my cock! Ty held my hips and gently
pushed them back down on the bed.

"Ty, don't take me this way. Please. Let's get naked. I want you to fuck me
so bad!" I moaned.

I guess he thought this was a good idea because the next thing I knew, I
felt my wet cock waving in the open air and Ty was standing beside the bed
quickly dropping his clothes to the floor. When he was naked, I could see
he was a hard as I was, his beautiful cock swaying before him. He reached
down and began almost tearing the clothes off my body. I finally pushed his
hands away and quickly divested myself of everything. I knelt on the bed
and grabbed hold of him as he stood beside the bed in all his naked
splendor.

"You still turn me on more than anything else in the world!" I swore to
him.

"And just what do you think you do to me?" he asked, smiling at me.

"It better be the same!" I chuckled.

"Oh, it is, Bri! It is!" he swore and then pushed me back down on the bed
on my back.

He raised my legs and buried his face in my ass. I felt his tongue come out
as he began to rim me, getting me ready for his cock. I felt him lock his
mouth against my hole and I could feel him sucking at the lips as his
tongue began stabbing up into me. I was in heaven! I loved the feeling of
him eating me! Almost as much as I loved the feeling of his cock fucking
me!

He quickly reached over onto the beside table and grabbed the bottle of
lube that always sat there.  We never bothered to put it away, it got used
too often. He quickly lubed up my hole and his cock and climbed onto the
bed, placing his cock head at the entrance to my body. After four years, I
was easily able to accommodate him and he slowly slid his cock fully inside
me until his pubic hairs were tickling my hole.

He looked down at me and I could see the love and lust in his eyes. I
prayed I'd always see it there and know it was for me! I looked back and I
know he saw the same thing in mine. He placed my legs over his shoulders
and slowly lowered himself until he was over me. He leaned down and kissed
me deeply as he began to drive his hard cock in and out of my ass.  Despite
his claims, Ty was no more in the mood for a long slow fuck than I was! He
quickly gained ramming speed and began pounding my ass hard! He knew what
this would do to me. And I knew what it would do to him! It was only a few
minutes and I couldn't take anymore! My hard cock was rubbing between our
stomachs and started shooting a massive load all over both of us.  The
tightening of my ass while I came had the desired effect and I could feel
his cock unloading his balls into my guts at almost the same time. It
seemed like we came for hours, it was so intense but finally Ty collapsed
on top of me, his cock still buried in my ass - and still hard!

I held his sweaty body and reached up to lick some of that sweat from his
shoulders. He moaned at the touch of my tongue against his skin. I then
used my teeth to nibble at his skin where I knew he was sensitive. My
efforts were met with even louder moans from him.

"Now who's the noisy one?" I chuckled.

"OK!" he panted next to my ear. "We're both fucking noisy. You happy now?"

"Yes. I'm happy now. I'm always happy when your cock is inside me and
you've just shot your load there." I murmured.

"And I'm always happy when you shoot yours in me! So you better get ready
because I want your cock up my ass next!" he said.

"Oh, you give me a couple of minutes and that can be arranged!" I said.

After a few minutes, Ty got his breath back and slowly pulled his cock from
my ass. I could feel his cum dripping from me when he did so. I knew he'd
shot quite a load. He raised up and looked down at the mess I'd made of
both of us and began to rub my cum into my skin as I did the same to
him. He reached down and grabbed hold of my cock which had risen again and
gently began to stroke it until it was a hard as I could get. He looked at
me and I knew what he was thinking. He wanted that in his ass and he wanted
it NOW! I was only too willing to oblige!

He rolled off me and lay face down on the bed next to me. I got up and lay
on top of him and began licking his body, from his shoulders down. I never
tired of licking and tasting his body - especially his back which was so
incredibly muscular.

I moved down his body until I came to his ass. I began then to lick all
over the cheeks, licking through the fine, golden hairs which covered
them. I moved to his ass crack and, using my hands to part his cheeks,
buried my nose in his butt. The dark scent of him caused my cock to start
dripping. I loved the scent of Ty's ass. It never failed to turn me on! It
made me want to do two things - lick his ass and fuck it! Hard!

I pulled open his cheeks farther as he spread his legs to give me full
access to his trench. I buried my face in it and began to lick all up and
down it. I finally pushed my face further in and locked my lips around his
hole. I sucked the lips of his ass into my mouth and began pushing against
the dark opening with my tongue. He ass quickly opened to me and I was
licking deep inside him. His moans of pleasure were building and making me
more and more horny to sink my cock into that hole!

I pulled my face out of his butt and could see his arm reaching back with
the lube in his hand for me. Oh! This boy was READY TO BE FUCKED!!! And I
was truly ready to fuck him! I quickly lubed us both and got up on my hands
and rested the head of my cock at his hole. I had skinned back the foreskin
and my cockhead was dripping cock-snot into his hole, further lubing him. I
touched his hole with my cock and he moaned. I pushed hard and slid all the
way into his ass in one, smooth glide! When I bottomed out in his hole, he
let out a sigh of contentment. He was filled with me and he loved it!

I was in no mood for a long, gentle fuck either! I quickly began banging
his butt with all the might I had and he was pushing back with his ass
meeting every body-jarring thrust. I knew I couldn't last long like this,
but I was bound and determined to get him off before I came. I changed
angles slightly so that I could feel his butt-nut rubbing against my cock
and then pounded even harder.  That's all it took! Moaning like a banshee,
Ty cum poured out of his cock against the sheet. I could feel the tremors
in his ass from his orgasm and this sent me over the edge as well. I buried
my cock as deep and hard into his ass as I could and let go! I creamed his
guts for what felt like 10 minutes until finally I couldn't cum any more!
Then I collapsed on his back and just held on.

We lay like that for a while, Ty's ass muscles massaging my cock which was
still inside him. The after-shocks this gave me were incredible! I wanted
to stay like this forever but the champagne we had was working on me and I
had to take a wicked piss! I went to pull out of Ty's ass and he reached
back to grab my hips to keep me inside him.

"Ty, neither one of us is into watersports but if you don't let me pull out
of you, I'm going to piss in your ass!" I told him.

"And who was the one who used to be pee-shy?" he laughed, letting go of my
hips and allowing me to pull my softening cock from his hole.

We got up together and went into the bathroom. Ty quickly got the shower
started and then we both got in. It seems that we both had to piss and we
stood there laughing at each other while we did. We were like two little
kids!

We took our time washing each other's bodies, delighting in the touch of
one another. This was always one of my favorite things. I loved taking
showers with Ty. Not just because it reminded me of our first night
together, but because it was such and intimate and sensuous thing to do
together. We managed to do it every morning, no matter what. And whether or
not we got off doing it, we still enjoyed the intimate, loving contact with
each other.

We got out of the shower and gently dried each other's bodies and then Ty
carried me back to the bed and gently lay me in it. He got in beside me and
took me in his arms and pulled my head down until it was resting on his
chest. We lay quietly like that for a long time. If there was going to be a
third time tonight (and I didn't doubt for a minute that there would be) it
could wait for a while.  We were enjoying just the touch of each other.

Finally, I decided that this might be a good time to bring up the matter
that had occupied my mind for most of the day.

"Ty, I need to talk to you about something." I started out.

"What, babe?" he asked.

I turned so that I was facing him and put my hand on his side.

"I really don't know how to start this. Let me just tell you what happened
at work today." I said.

"Ok." he answered, looking into my eyes.

"They brought this kid up to the floor from emergency this morning. He had
been gay-bashed.  He's only 16 years old and his parents disowned him and
threw him out of the house when he was 15 because they found out he was
gay. He's been living on the streets and selling his body to get food and
shelter. Today, he found out he's HIV+."  I said.

"How the fuck can people do that to their own kids! If I knew who they
were, I'd go over there and kick both their asses!" Ty stormed.

"All the more reason I'm not going to tell you who they are!" I smiled. "I
already talked to the bitch of a mother! She told me that they wanted
nothing to do with their son because he was a pervert and a deviant! Can
you believe it?" I asked.

"Fucking assholes!" Ty said.

"My thoughts exactly. But the problem is, he kid isn't badly hurt. I mean,
thank God, he isn't, but that means he's probably going to get released
sometime tomorrow and he has no place to go. I told him I would call Social
Services but he threatened to run away if I did." I said.

"I can understand that! I had a friend in the Corps - you remember Ronnie?
He came out of the foster care system. By the time he was 17 and joined the
Corps, he'd been raped in four of the foster care homes they put him in!"
Ty said.

"You never told me that!" I said to him.

"Well, it wasn't the kind of thing that Ronnie wanted everyone to know." he
told me.

"I can understand that. There is another complication with this kid,
however. You know Jason?" I asked him.

"Jason Blackwell? Cute, 19 year old grunt? Owns that old Mercedes we keep
having to work on?  That Jason?" Ty asked.

"Yes, that Jason. He was up volunteering on the ward today and he met
Scott, that's the kid's name. Well the kid is 16 and Jason is 19 and one
thing led to another." I said.

"They fucked in a hospital room!?" Ty exclaimed.

"No! Worse! I think they fell in love! That young Marine and that boy sure
looked at each other in ways that reminded me of another young Marine and a
certain virgin." I giggled.

"You've got to be kidding! They're too young!" Ty said.

"Oh and you're how old? Come off it, grandpa! We were only a few years
older when we got together. And I didn't have the life experience that
Scott has had. Trust me. He's a lot older in some ways than either one of
us is." I said.

"Ok, so does this story have a moral, as if I didn't know." he said.

I started to answer, but he held up his hand for me to be quiet.

"No! Don't answer that. Let me tell you what's coming next. You're going to
ask me how I would feel about us raising a 16 year old who's parent's threw
him out on the street. You're going to give me all these arguments about
how we could be really good role models for him and then you're going to
tug on my heartstrings with how much he needs us. Do I have it about
right?" he grinned at me.

I lay there in shock! I didn't realize I was that transparent or that Ty
knew me THAT well!

"Uh...yeah. I guess that is about all. Except I told him that the decision
was totally yours and that if he did come to live with us he would have to
abide by rules and go back to school." I said.

"Oh, trying to make me the bad guy, huh?" he laughed.

"Well, you were the Marine! You should be used to that! I'm a nurse! How
would it look if Florence Nightingale was the heavy!?" I grinned.

"Ok, when do I get to meet our 'son'?" Ty asked.

"Our son?! You mean you're saying YES?!" I all but screamed.

"Yes, Bri. I'm saying, Yes. I know you. You're a pretty good judge of
character. If you think this kid is worth saving then I'll trust that
you're right. And I do think it's a good idea. I don't want to see a kid
that young out on the streets either. But you say he's HIV+. How sick is
he?" Ty asked.

"He's not sick at all. He's probably only sero-converted within the last
few months from the test results. He's in the hospital because of getting
beaten up. He ended up on my ward because he was scared to go onto a ward
where most of the people were straight." I told him.

"Can't say that I really blame him after what he's been through. But you're
wrong about one thing. That's not the reason he ended up on your ward." Ty
said.

"No? Why did he then?" I asked, confused.

"Because God knew he needed a Guardian Angel, so God arranged to get him to
you!" Ty said.  And then he kissed me gently on the lips.

I sat there in shock. I knew Ty loved me. I never knew he felt that way
about me though! I started to cry, I was so overwhelmed with emotion.

"Come here!" Ty said, pulling me back against his chest and stroking my
hair. "Yes, you are an angel. I knew that the first time I met you. You
knew just what to do to make three very lonely, homesick Marines feel at
home for the first time in a very long time. I told you. That's when I
decided that I wanted you for my own. Or I was going to die trying!"

"And here I always thought that you were the angel who was God's answer to
all my prayers for someone to love and to love me." I said.

"Well, I doubt that's true. Nobody's ever mistaken me for an angel. But
whatever happened to bring us together, I'm just grateful that it
happened." he said, leaning down to kiss the top of my head.

I began kissing his chest and before I knew it, I had one of his nipples in
my mouth and was sucking on it. Ty was moaning and pushing my head down
towards his hardening cock. I licked my way down to his lap and started
licking inside the folds of his foreskin. Before I had a chance to take him
in my mouth, however, he pushed me away and then turned around and lay
beside me so that he could reach my hardening cock as well.

We began licking and sucking at each other's cocks. The taste of him was so
wonderful! I am always amazed at how sweet his 'cock honey' is. And that is
truly the right term for it, it's so sweet! Ty was quickly licking up all
of mine at the same time and before I knew it, I had his cock buried in my
throat. After four years, I could deep-throat him as easily as he could me.

We lay there for a long time, sucking on each other's cocks. We would bring
each other almost to the point of orgasm and then back off. Build again,
and back off. After doing this for six or seven time, Ty finally moaned
that he couldn't take anymore and needed to get off! I was glad because I
couldn't take any more either! We buried each other's cock in our throats
and rode into oblivion together. My orgasm triggered his and we lay there
swallowing the tasty essence of each other's body.

When we came down from the third orgasm of the night, I curled up in Ty's
arms and he kissed me gently on the lips. We then fell deeply asleep.

The next morning, Ty and I showered together and, while I made breakfast
for us, he called Tim and Domingo and told them he had to go with me to the
hospital before coming to work. They were curious but Ty told them he would
explain everything when he got to the garage.

Ty followed me to the hospital in his Jeep. We had bought me a black Chevy
S-10 pick-up the year before so I could get back and forth to the hospital
during my internship. We pulled into the parking lot and went upstairs to 4
North. Belle met us at the desk.

"Lord! Look at this beautiful man that done walked in this morning!" she
said, throwing her arms around Ty, hugging him.

Ty laughed.

"Belle, you really need to get glasses! The only beautiful man in here
belongs to me!" he said, looking at me.

"No, Belle! You are exactly right! He is beautiful. He just won't admit
it!" I laughed while Ty blushed.

"It does my heart good to see two people so much in love!" Belle said,
clutching here ample bosom. "Does both of you being here mean what I think
it means?"

"We're going to have a little chat with one of your patients." Ty told
her. "No decision has been made, but I promise you'll be the first to
know!"

"Ty, now you think about this real hard! You could be the answer to this
boy's prayers - and mine, too!" she said, being suddenly serious.

"I know, Belle. I want this to happen, too." Ty admitted.

"I think the Lord done fixed everything!" Belle smiled and gave Ty another
hug.

We walked down the hall. Ty could see the patients in their beds. So many
of them so desperately ill. He looked at me.

"How do you deal with this every day?" he asked.

"Because I love each and every one of them, and because I have you. Without
your support, I don't know if I could." I answered and leaned over and
kissed him on the cheek.

We went down to Scott's room and walked in. I wasn't the least surprise to
see Jason sitting there with him.

"Did you spend the night here?" I asked, my hands on my hips in mock fury.

Jason looked down, ashamed that I had figured it out.

"Well...I didn't want him to be all alone in here." Jason said.

"And so you two managed to sleep together, after all! I just hope you
didn't do anything to shock the night nurses!" I laughed at the embarrassed
blush on both their faces.

"No! We didn't do anything! Promise!" Scott raised his voice in his love's
defense.

"Ok, I believe you. Hospital beds aren't very comfortable for that sort of
thing, anyway. If you don't believe that, just ask Ty here." I giggled as
Ty looked daggers at me while he blushed.

"Anyway, Ty, this is Scott. Scott, this is my lover Ty." I said.

"Hello, sir." Scott said.

"The name is Ty, Scott. I'm not in the Marines anymore." Ty smiled. "So
Brian tells me you might want to come and live with us."

"I really would! I don't want to go back to the streets. I don't want to
live like that anymore." he said.

"Brian tells me that you're parents threw you out when you were 15. How
have you been living since then." Ty asked.

I had told Ty the night before how he'd lived, but I think Ty wanted to
hear Scott tell it. I think he wanted to see if Scott really was ready to
leave that life entirely.

"I was a prostitute. I went with any man that would pay me so that I could
eat and maybe rent a room to sleep in. I tried to get a job, but who would
hire a 15 year old - especially one who doesn't have any place to live. I'm
not ashamed of what I had to do. It wasn't something I chose." Scott said
with as much dignity as he could muster.

"No, you don't have anything to be ashamed about. But what I want to know
is, do you think you could live with rules now? Not be able to just go
where you want or with whoever you want? If you're going to live with us,
we're going to be responsible for you. And we don't want anything more to
happen to you." Ty told him.

"What makes you think I got to go where I wanted? I went where I had to go
to make money. I went with whoever had the money. I didn't have any choice
except to live on the street and starve. I'm more than ready to live with
your rules. I just don't want to go back to the streets again! The only
thing I ask is that I'm allowed to see Jason." Scott said, looking over at
Jason with love in his eyes.

Jason reached out and squeezed Scott's hand.

Ty stood there looking at Scott and then at Jason. He didn't say anything
for the longest time. I began to worry that he was having second thoughts
about the situation. Then he finally spoke.

"Yep, you two have got it!" Ty said.

"Got what?" Jason asked.

"You've both got that look that says you are completely gone on each
other!" Ty said, laughing.

Both Scott and Jason blushed and looked down.

"Ok, guys. It's ok. Well, Scott, are you ready to go home?" Ty asked.

Scott looked up, a look of surprise on his face. He looked at Ty, who
grinned at him and then at me. I was smiling as well.

"You bet!" he all but screamed and jumped out of the bed and threw his arms
around Ty, hugging him tightly. Ty hugged him back.

Then Scott reached out for me and we all hugged each other.

"Well, if you're going to have a group hug, can I join?" we heard Jason's
somewhat hurt voice.

Scott turned around and held out his arm to his love. We all four hugged.

"Well, I guess we need to get used to you being around, grunt!" Ty said to
Jason.

"If you don't mind." Jason said.

"I think you may help keep this kid in line." Ty told him.

"Oh yes!" said Jason, "he can keep me in line!"

We all laughed.

"Well, the doctor will be around later to release you, Scott. We need to
get you hooked up with an infectious disease specialist. The doctor who
runs this floor is very good. His name is David Droller. If you want, I'm
sure he'll take you on as a patient. Do you want me to talk to him about
it?" I asked him.

"Yes, please! I want to do everything I can to stay healthy. I have a
reason to stay alive now!" he said, looking right at Jason, who leaned over
and gave him a deep kiss.

"Well, looks like we may have to chaperone these two!" Ty laughed at me.

"Well, if you want that job, it's all yours! As for me, as long as it's
safe, they can fuck each other's brains out!" I laughed.

"ALL RIGHT!!!" Scott and Jason said at the same time!

The end of Part 8 of THE MARINE NEXT DOOR

If you like the story, please write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. Please don't
make plot suggestions as by the time you read this, the entire story has
already been written.

If you want to have a complete listing of my stories on NIFTY (the ONLY
place I post them) write me and I will gladly send it to you.

And if you're reading this on NIFTY (more especially if you're not) please
consider making a donation to the site to keep it operating and free!

Thank you,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 9)

Date: Thu, 27 Jun 2002 17:59:02 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: THE MARINE NEXT DOOR 7

Disclaimer: This is just a story. And it's about a Marine. Not a real one,
of course. Kind of a melding of a lot of them I've known in my life. Any
resemblance to any actual Marine is purely coincidence - but if there is, I
do wish he'd write me! Anyway, you know the drill, if you don't like sex
between males, what are you doing here? And if your Country, State,
Province, City, Town or Village won't let you read this kind of stuff -
MOVE!!! Somewhere where you can!

Oh, one more thing. This story is dedicated to my friend PUP, who just
LOVES Marines and stories about them. I hope he loves this one. And I kind
of hope it would come true for him.


THE MARINE NEXT DOOR - Part 7
by RimPig (c) 2002

The next three years were really busy ones for Ty and me. I was in Nursing
School while Ty, Domingo and Tim were getting their auto repair business
going. Mom, in the mean time, got promoted to Supervisor of Nursing for the
hospital and decided that she wanted to buy a house.  She found a beautiful
little place and moved out of the apartment. This left Ty and me with a
decision. Either live with Domingo and Tim, find another apartment or take
over Mom's. In the end, we decided that things were going well enough with
the business that Tim and Domingo could handle the apartment on their own
now and Ty and I decided it would be less hassle just to take over Mom's
apartment.

The Nursing School graduation was on a sunny Sunday morning. It was held in
the hospital's auditorium. Not to blow my own horn or anything, but I was
the Valedictorian of the class and when I came forward to receive my
diploma and the Nursing Pin I would wear for the rest of my professional
career - it was Mom who pinned it on me. There were tears in both our eyes
as she did. There we stood, two generations of Nurses, our lives dedicated
to the sick and suffering.  Also there were three former Marines: Ty,
Domingo and Tim who let out the famous "Hoo!  Rah!" battle cry of the
Marines as Mom pinned me.

I began work at the hospital the next day. I had actually been there for a
year doing my practicum, but now I would finally be getting paid. My Mom
met me at the entrance to the Human Resources department when I showed up
that morning to sign the necessary papers to put me on the hospital's
payroll. We then went to her office to talk about my initial assignment.

"Brian, I know you've worked in practically every department of the
hospital over the past year.  Do you have any idea where you'd like to
work? Not that you'll necessarily get that assignment immediately - even if
your mother is Supervisor of Nursing!" she laughed.

"Mom, there are so many interesting places - especially in surgery. But
there is only one place that I feel that I'm really needed here." I
said. "Mom, I want to work on 4 North ."

4 North Tower was the 4th floor of the North Tower of the hospital. It was
the location of the AIDS ward, commonly called among the staff '4 North'.

"I can understand that. And I kind of expected you to say that. As you
probably know, it's not a place that we have an over-abundance of nurses
wanting to work. In fact, we just lost the ward supervisor last week. She
and her husband are moving out of state because he got a better job back
east. I'm afraid, Brian, that you're not only going to be assigned to 4
North, you're going to be assigned as supervisor of it." Mom said.

"You've got to be kidding! I'm just out of Nursing School! I can't
supervise a ward!" I exclaimed.

"Yes, Brian, you can! Honey, I've watched you. You have a natural gift for
dealing with people.  Not just patients, but staff, too! I can't tell you
how many staff from the different departments you've worked in have come to
my office to tell me how wonderful you are and to beg me to assign you to
them! This IS something you can do, Brian." she said, with more confidence
in her voice than I was feeling. "And remember, sweetie, I am the
Supervisor of Nursing. You have me behind you to help you in whatever way I
can."

"But aren't people going to resent me becoming supervisor with so little
experience? Aren't they going to think it's only because I'm your son?" I
asked.

"No. First of all, nobody in the ward wanted the job. They were all happy
in what they were doing. And I met with the entire staff last week to
discuss this with them. I was hoping I could get one of them to change
their mind and take over the supervisor's role. Instead, it was the staff
that suggested you!" she told me.

I was flabbergasted! Sure, I'd worked on that ward for a 3 month rotation
and had volunteered there at other times when they were short staffed. And,
yes, I'd made friends among the other nurses there, but I hardly expected
something like this.

"Look, Brian." Mom said. "You staff is waiting for you in the staff lounge
up there. Why don't you go and talk to them about it?"

I thanked Mom and headed upstairs. I expected to meet with the staff of 4
North at the regular staff meeting that I remember from when I was assigned
there for training. Instead, on entering the staff lounge I heard a
tremendous cheer and there stood all the staff cheering and applauding!  A
huge banner hung across the ceiling saying "Welcome Brian!" and there was a
huge cake with a Nurse's cap on it and 'Congratulations To the New Ward
Supervisor" written on it. One of the CNA's (Certified Nurse Assistants)
had a camera and was quickly snapping picture. Everyone was crowding around
and shaking my hand and congratulating me.

One of the nurses, Belle, who had been on the ward the longest - in fact
was the first nurse who volunteered for the ward, came up to me and hugged
me. Belle was Black, about 5'9" and weighed somewhere in the neighborhood
of 300 pounds. She was like the ward "mother". Many the night, I'd seen
here sitting by the bedside of a patient who was lonely, scared or in pain,
crooning lullabies and stroking their head or arm.

"Welcome home, Sweets! I told your Momma that you'd want to come here and
we sure are happy to have you back!" she said.

I know that there were tears in my eyes as I looked around the room at what
was now my staff. I knew they expected me to make a speech but I really
didn't, at first, know what to say. But I knew that what I should do was
tell them what was in my heart.

"I've got to tell you first thing that I am REALLY scared!" I started and
they all laughed. "No! I mean it! I just graduated from Nursing School
yesterday! I never expected to be standing here as a supervisor today. But,
it's your own fault that I am! Mom told me that none of you wanted this
job. So you all stuck me with it! And I thought you were my friends!" I
joked and the room broke into laughter again.

"Seriously, though. I can't do this job. At least I can't do it alone. I
need your help. You all have been here for a long time. Some of you, like
Belle, from the very beginning of this epidemic. All of us know how we've
had to fight to get this ward the best of anything this hospital has to
offer.  The best staff, the best facilities, the best equipment. And we
have to continue to fight for those things. I promise you, that with your
help, we will succeed." I said to cheers from the staff.

"I want you to know, my door is always open. If you have a problem, come
talk to me. Let's see if we can work it out together. But my door is going
to be a revolving one. Don't be surprised when I ask you to come talk to me
to help solve a problem that I've got! We're all in this together. We've
got to be here for the patients and here for each other. That's the only
way I see this thing working. So, how about it? What do you think?" I asked
of the group.

The first one to speak up was Belle.

"Honey, ain't no big thing! You've got everybody in this room pulling for
you and willing to help.  And if they ain't, well they just better get off
this floor before I run them off!" She said, looking at everyone in the
room with a look of mock fierceness.

"Thanks, Belle. I know I can always count on you." I said.

Next was a CNA named Rolf. Rolf was about 20 and was one of a number of gay
men who worked on the ward. Rolf and I had worked together during my
training here and I learned to respect him. He was really good with the
patients, making them laugh - even during times of pain.  Rolf was kind of
the ward comedian.

"Well...We of course know that you didn't get this job because you're
mother is Supervisor of Nursing because if that was the case, she sure
would have been kinder to her own son!" Rolf said and everybody laughed.

I was grateful to him for that. It dispelled whatever possible rancor there
could have been over my relationship with Mom.

"Now, you do have to wonder though, what training Brian has as a
supervisor, except we all know that his partner was a Marine Lance
Corporal. I guess we'll all be happy that he didn't get any help from Ty!"
and again everybody laughed.

It was well known on the ward that Ty was my lover and that he was a former
Marine. Ty, Domingo and Tim had all visited the ward while I was in
training there. I was hoping to get them involved with an idea I had which
I thought I share with the staff.

"That brings up something I do want to talk seriously about something with
you all." I said and the room quieted down.

"Yes, it's true that Ty is a former Marine as are his business partners,
Tim and Domingo. They still have strong ties to the Marine base they served
at near here and know a lot of men still in the Corps. I have an idea I'd
like your feedback on. You all know how short staffed we are here all the
time. You know that we have a lot of patients that nobody ever comes to
visit, who are cut off from their families either by their own choice or
because the family disowned them. There are a lot of things around here
that needs hands and bodies that are not necessarily skilled in medicine or
nursing. I think we could get a bunch of the Marines from that base to
volunteer here and give us that help. What do you all think? How would you
feel about having them here?" I asked.

The staff looked at each other for a moment and, just for a second, I
thought they were going to reject the idea. Instead, they all started
cheering and talking at once, saying what a great idea it was and could we
get the Marines "to land" today? I laughed and told them that I still had
to talk to Mom about it and get clearance from the hospital administration
and to talk with the Commander of the Marine base as well, but I hoped we
could get something started within two to three weeks.

It actually took close to six weeks, but suddenly the ward was filled with
young, eager Marines. It was disconcerting to some of the nurse to be
called "Sir" all the time, but they soon got used to it.  The wonderful
thing about Marines, they not only know how to take orders, but they are
trained to have initiative. Once they young men understood the routines
around the ward, we hardly ever had to ask for something to be done - it
just was.

There was a so-called 'patient's lounge' which was a very dreary room with
just an old couch, a couple of chairs and an old card table in it. I wanted
to turn it into a place where patients could get together and talk. Many of
our patients were young and had to spend weeks - sometimes even months - in
the hospital. I wanted to create a place where they could go and not feel
so much like they were in an 'institution'. I mentioned this one day to one
of the young Marines, and also mentioned that the hospital budget didn't
allow for the type of 'makeover' that I wanted to do to the room.

Three days later, an entire platoon of Marines showed up with new
furniture, a wide screen television, VCR and DVD player along with a X-Box
unit. They also brought paint and repainted the room a bright blue. The
room became, almost overnight, everything I had dreamed of an more! I got
Ty to find out what platoon and what company the men who had done all this
came from and two weeks later, on a Saturday afternoon, we hosted that
entire Marine company and the base Commander. We unveiled a plaque which
the nurses on the ward purchased, commemorating the names of all those
Marine's who had contributed to the new lounge with the symbol of the US
Marine Corps engraved at the top which we placed right next to the door to
the room so everyone who ever used that room would be reminded of those
Marine's kindness.

My only concern, with the young Marines, was that a lot of our patients
were gay men. I wasn't exactly sure how these Marines would deal with
this. I figured that their presence would have a very positive effect on
our patients and I was right about that! What gay male could resist the
charms of a masculine, 100% USDA Grade A Stud of a Marine?! But I was
worried about how some of these young men - many of them straight (well,
all of them outwardly straight for fear of being thrown out of the Corps.)
- would deal with our patients.

I was working late one night, when I happened to pass by the room of one of
the patients. Theo was an outrageous and flaming Queen who had been a
female impersonator for many years. Theo was one of the favorite patients
on the ward. He always had a cheerful or kind word for everyone.  And he
could tell the most outrageous stories about his life.

But Theo had not been doing so well for a few days now. He had brain
lesions and we all knew there was little that could be done besides try and
keep him out of pain. He was terminal and it was just a matter of
time. Theo had no family. He did have friends who would come and visit
every so often but none of them were really close to him.

I had meant to stop in and spend some time with him but when I got to the
room, I could see one of the Marine master sergeants, a man with over 20
years in the Corps, sitting beside Theo's bed, holding his hand and talking
quietly to him. I was completely blown away by this. I knew the man was
straight, I'd seen pictures of his wife, his kids and his grandchildren. No
two different people could you possible find than this Marine Master
Sergeant and Theo, the outrageous Drag Queen.  But there they were. A more
tender scene I couldn't imagine.

The Sergeant saw me and got up from beside Theo's bed and came over to talk
to me.

"How's he doing?" he asked me.

"It's really just a matter of time now. His body is rejecting all the
medications, the virus has just about taken over and he has no immune
system left. There's nothing to fight the lesions." I told him bluntly. I
knew the Sergeant, you didn't have to sugar-coat things for this older
fighting man.

"That's what I kind of figured. If you don't mind, I'll just spend a little
more time with him. A man shouldn't be alone while he's dying." he told me.

I told him he could be there whenever he wanted and walked on down the
hall. What the old Sergeant said really hit me. The straight world would
not give Theo his due as a "man", given his lifestyle. But this old Marine
could look past all of that and see Theo for what he really was, a
courageous man, who had lived out his life the way he wanted, and had
fought the society that told him he couldn't.

One morning, Belle came to me very distraught. There had been a new patient
moved to the ward during the night. She was very concerned about him. She
was afraid that he was going to try and commit suicide, he seemed so
depressed. She asked me to evaluate him and see if we needed to get the
doctor to order a psychiatric consult. She told me she had tried to reach
him, but she felt a male would have a better chance. She didn't have to add
the word 'gay' for me to get the picture.

I looked at the patient's chart. His name was Scott and he was only 16
years old! I couldn't, at first imagine why he was on our ward. He was
HIV+, which was a tragedy at such a young age, but he had no symptoms or
complications that would put him in 4 North. Then I started to read the
doctor's notes about him.

Scott had been brought to the emergency room by the police last night. He
had been the victim of a gay-bashing by a group of young males. Several of
them were under arrest. When Scott was brought to the hospital, they ran an
HIV test as part of the routine screens. Evidently, Scott did not know
until then that he was HIV+. The doctor wanted to put him in a regular ward
but Scott reacted strongly against being put anywhere there were "straight
people". Evidently, the gay- bashing had, as usual, left worse
psychological effects than physical ones.

I went to Scott's room and opened the door. He was out of bed and staring
out the window with his back to me. He looked to be about 5'10" tall with
blonde hair and what looked like a fairly nice, though thin, body.

"They built the place so that the windows don't open, so you can't jump
from here. You'll have to use the roof. But the doors up there are locked."
I said, startling him.

He turned around and looked at me. I smiled. He didn't.

"How did you know what I was thinking?" he said, his voice almost flat in
its affect.

"Because I can imagine how I'd feel if I just found out that I had the
virus." I said.

"Fuck!" he said, "that's just par for the course! Why not have fuckin'
AIDS! That way I can just check out faster!"

I recognized macho bravura, commonly known as male bullshit, when I heard
it! I walked over to him and got up right in his face.

"You listen to me, asshole! You are only 16 years old and without these
bruises, I can see you are quite a young stud! You have a whole lifetime
ahead of you! You don't need to be talking about dying! Fuck! You haven't
even learned how to live yet!" I had learned some of Ty's "command voice"
and I was sure using it here.

He flinched at my words and then I saw tears start to roll down his
cheeks. He was really a scared little boy, trying to put up a brave and
intimidating front which wasn't working at all! I took him in my arms and
he leaned his head on my shoulder and started sobbing. I let him cry until
he had himself under control. I then put him back in bed and sat down on
the bed to talk.

"Ok, so tell me what happened?" I started.

He looked at me for a moment, figuring whether or not he could trust me.

"I was out looking to make some money so I'd have a place to sleep. These 5
dudes came out of nowhere and started hassling me. I could see they were
drunk and stoned. That's the only reason they didn't kill me, too
uncoordinated. The cops showed up and brought me here. They did the test
and now I'm positive." he said, his head down, unable to look at me.

"You're awfully young to be hustling." I said.

His head snapped up at this. I guess he figured that I wouldn't know the
score. I knew what he was doing on those streets, his looks and the fact
that my Gaydar had gone off bigtime when I saw him, gave me all the
information I needed.

"I gotta eat! I gotta have someplace other than the streets to sleep!" he
said defensively.

"Why do you have to hustle? Where's your fucking family? Why isn't a kid
your age living with his parents and going to school?" I asked.

"They fucking threw me out and disowned me when I was 15! That's why! They
caught me in bed with a friend of mine and freaked. Said that no son of
theirs was going to be a faggot! Then they told me to get out and never
come back." he said.

"Well, I have to contact them. They're still your parents and hold legal
responsibility for you.  Unless you're an emancipated minor?" I asked.

"What's that?" he said.

"That's where you go to court and have yourself declared an adult. But to
do that, you have to be somehow legally self-supporting. Selling your body
will not count to a judge." I told him.

"Fat chance of that! I've tried to get a job. But I got no steady place to
crash so I can't get work.  Hustling is the only thing I'm good for!" he
said defensively.

"Bullshit! You're way too good for hustling! You don't belong on those
fucking streets. You need to be back in school. I'm going to talk to Social
Services and see if we can't find someplace for you." I said.

"You do and I'll split out of here so fast you won't know what happened!"
he threatened. "I don't want to live in no fucking foster home!" he all but
screamed. He was showing real signs of fear which I didn't understand.

"Why the fuck not?" I asked.

"My best friend went to one of those places! He got fucking raped by the
guy running it! I at least get paid for sex!" he said.

"Ok, calm down. Maybe we can figure something else out. You're going to be
here for at least a couple of days while we take care of your injuries and
get you set up with medical treatment. If you like, we can talk later. By
the way, I'm Brian, I'm the supervisor here."

"Yeah, I heard about you already. You've got a lover who's a Marine." he
said.

"Actually, he's a former Marine. Ty got out of the Corps because he didn't
like hiding who he was." I said.

"Kewl! How long you guys been together?" he asked.

"It's been almost 4 years now." I told him.

"You still love him?" he asked.

"As if it's any of your business, yes, I do. More than the day I met him."
I said.

"I've dreamed of finding someone who would love me. It's hard out on the
street. You can't trust anybody. And you sure can't trust the fucking
'johns'. They all tell you they 'love' you. But they all want fresh meat,
so after a few times, they're on to somebody else." he said.

I could hear the pain in his voice. He was almost cynical. He'd almost been
taken over by the streets, but I could still hear the voice of a good,
young male in him. I knew I had to work very hard to keep him from ending
up back on those streets again.

Later that afternoon, I went back to his room to talk, but when I got there
a 19 year old Marine by the name of Jason was sitting and talking to
Scott. I knew Jason through Ty. Jason was a frequent customer of Ty's
garage and we already knew that Jason was one of the gay Marine's hiding
out his sexuality from the Corps until he could get out with an honorable
discharge.

The look on Scott's face as he talked to Jason was incredible! He was
grinning from ear to ear - quite different than the boy that Belle was
afraid was suicidal! It was obvious that the cause of this joy was
Jason. Scott couldn't seem to take his eyes off the young Marine and, from
the looks of things, Jason seemed to be unable to stop looking at Scott. I
left the two of them alone and went back to my office.

About an hour later, I heard a knock at my open door and looked up to see
Jason standing there, a concerned look on his face.

"Hey! Jason. Come on in!" I said to the young Marine.

"Can I talk to you a minute?" Jason asked.

"A man as good looking as your are, Stud, you can talk to me for an hour!"
I joked.

"Yeah, like you'd give me a second look with the guy you've got!" Jason
laughed.

"Ahh, Ty's getting old! He's 26 now! Maybe I want to trade him in on a
younger model! And you know I have a thing for Marines!" I laughed.

"Yeah, right! Like that's going to happen!" Jason joked.

"No, it isn't. It's true. I can't get that fucking Jarhead of mine out of
my mind or my heart. So what can I do for you? As if I didn't know. Could
it be you want to talk about a patient named Scott?" I grinned at him.

He was completely taken aback by this.

"How the fuck did you know that!" he asked.

"I walked down the hall a while ago to talk to Scott and saw you two
together. I decided to leave you two alone and talk to Scott later. It was
real obvious to me that you two were totally into each other." I said.

The young Marine blushed at my words.

"He's a really sweet guy. I gotta admit that he more than turns my crank."
he admitted with a shy grin.

"Jason, you do realize why he's on this floor, don't you." I asked.

"Yeah. I know. He's got the virus. But that doesn't mean he's going to die,
does it?" he asked.

"Jason, I don't really know how to answer that question. It's true that a
lot of people with the virus are living a lot longer. Some for many years
beyond what we used to expect. But there's still no cure." I told him.

"But how long does he have?" Jason asked.

"There's no answer for that! Some people have been known to live 10, 15
maybe even 20 years with the virus. But it's not predictable. It depends on
how early we catch it, how they react to the medications. A lot of factors
play into it. And if Scott goes back to living on the streets, there's no
chance that he'll live very long." I explained.

"That's what I wanted to talk to you about. Can't you do something to help
him? Can't you get him off the streets somehow? I'll help. I thought maybe
I could rent him an apartment or something." Jason offered.

"Jason, that's really sweet of you, but there's a lot more to it. Scott's
only 16. He needs to be in somebody's care. He needs to be in treatment and
he needs to be back in school. His parents have disowned him and he doesn't
want to go into foster care - not that I blame him. I don't know what I can
do!" I said in frustration.

"It's too bad that you couldn't like find him a family to take care of
him." Jason said.

"Yes. But who wants a 16 year old gay boy who's been hustling on the
streets and has HIV!" I retorted and then I saw the hurt look in Jason's
eyes.

"I do." he said quietly.

"Oh, God! Jason! I'm sorry. I didn't mean it like that! It's just that
Scott is not the type of kid who's easy to place. The best thing would be
to find a stable gay couple that might take him in.  That would give him
stability and also some positive gay role models. Something he isn't going
to find out on the street." I mused.

"I know a couple like that!" Jason said.

"Who?" I asked.

"You and Ty." Jason said, his eyes boring right through me.

"Oh, Jason! You've got to be kidding! Ty and me?! We're not the kind of
people he needs!" I said.

"Why not? You two are stable. You love each other more than any two guys
I've ever known.  You're a nurse and Ty's been a Marine. I think you could
handle Scott pretty well!" Jason argued.

"Look, Jason." I said, feeling like maybe he did have something after
all. "This is not a decision I could make alone. I'd have to talk to Ty
about it and I don't know how happy he'd be with this idea."

"But you could ask him! Please! I don't want him going back out on the
streets again! I'd take him myself but I don't get out for another two
years yet! Please!" Jason begged.

"Ok. I'll ask Ty. But I'm certainly NOT promising anything. I don't know
how he'll react to this."  I told Jason.

"I know Ty. He's got a big heart behind that gruff exterior! I know if you
tell him how it is, he'll say ok!" Jason enthused.

"Yes, he does have a big heart. That's true. But this is an awfully big
request, too! I can't predict how he'll take it." I told him.

"You just ask him, ok?" Jason begged again.

"Ok. I promise I'll talk with him tonight. Now get the fuck out of my
office before I change my mind!" I said.

"Yes, Sir!" Jason shouted like he was on a drill field and I was a DI.

I chuckled to myself as the young Marine high tailed it out of my office,
heading down the hall. I figured he was heading back to Scott's room. I sat
there for a while, thinking about what I was about to get myself into. I
didn't know anything really about Scott. Only what my guts told me. I
figured that I ought to at least check out part of his story.

I went to the desk and pulled his file. I got the names of his parents and
sat down at my desk and called them. A woman answered the phone.

"Hello. My name is Brian Connors. I'm the nurse supervisor for the 4th
Floor North of County General. Is this Mrs. Thomas?" I asked.

"Yes. Is something wrong? Is my husband there?" she asked, panic in her
voice.

"No, ma'am. Your son, Scott, is." I informed her.

There was a long pause and then her voice came back, cold as a glacier.

"I don't have a son, Mr. Connors. Not anymore." she said.

"I don't understand?" I said, playing dumb.

"We want nothing to do with Scott. He is a deviant and a pervert. We don't
want anything to do with him or his deviant lifestyle." she said, her voice
dripping with judgement.

"I'm sorry to hear that, Mrs. Thomas. I guess that Scott was telling me the
truth about you and your husband. I just have one question for you. How do
you get so stupid and uncaring as to throw away your own son!" I was
practically screaming by the end and simply hung up on her before she could
even answer.

Belle stuck her head in my office.

"You ok, honey?" she asked, giving me a look.

"Yes, Belle. I'm sorry. I just got off the phone with Scott's mother. What
a bitch! She told me that she has no son because here son is a 'deviant and
a pervert', to use her exact words!" I said, the anger still in my voice.

"There's just some people that need to be horse-whipped! No wonder that
poor child's in the shape he's in!" Belle said.

"You know Jason, the young Marine who was up here today?" I asked.

She nodded.

"Well, looks like we have a budding romance and he's begging for Ty and me
to give Scott a home." I told her.

"I think that sounds like a fine idea, honey! Certainly he couldn't find
two nicer men to help him."  she said.

"Belle! You're not supposed to say that! You're supposed to tell me how
completely insane that is!" I told her.

"Child, you can't argue with the truth! It is a good idea. Where else is
that poor boy going to go?  His momma and daddy done thrown him out. You
gonna put him back on those streets? You know what happens to boys like him
out there! Part of it has already done happened!" she insisted.

"I know. I'm just scared of Ty's reaction to this. What if he doesn't like
the idea? What then?" I moaned.

"Child, that man of yours is as big hearted as you are. You just tell him
the situation and let him meet Scott. I think he'll be more in favor of
this than you are!" Belle said.

"God! I hope you're right, Belle. I just hope you're right." I sighed.

Later that day, before I went home, I stopped into Scott's room to see how
he was doing. Jason was still there with him but got up to leave when he
saw me standing at the door to the room. I noticed that he leaned down and
kissed Scott gently on the forehead before he left, saying that he was
going down to the cafeteria to get something to eat and would be back in a
while.

I walked in and sat next to Scott's bed.

"How are you doing?" I asked. "Any pain?"

"No, I'm ok." he said. He was a lot calmer than before.

"Jason is a really nice guy." I said.

"Yes, he's very nice." Scott said, blushing and grinning at the same time.

"He's very worried about you. He's asked me to see about finding a home for
you." I said.

"Yes, he told me. I told him I don't think anyone is going to want a 16
year old faggot with AIDS." he said, his head dropping.

"Now that enough of that!" I snapped and his head came up. "You are NOT a
faggot! I don't want to ever hear that word out of your mouth again! You're
gay. The same as I am. And the same as Jason is! Are you calling him a
faggot? I refuse to let anybody label me by that word and it's about time
you stopped as well! And you don't have AIDS! You're HIV+. You may never
have AIDS. You may well live long enough for a cure to be found. And why do
you think that nobody would want you? Just because those assholes who
biologically created you don't? I just saw a very beautiful young man leave
this room who evidently wants you very much!" I couldn't help myself, the
frustration of the day came out.

I could see the tears falling from Scott's eyes again. Oh fucking great!
Every time I get with this kid I make him cry! This is getting things off
to a great start!

"Do you really think so?" he asked quietly through his tears.

"Really think so, what?" I asked, confused by his question.

"Do you really think Jason wants me?" he asked, his tear-filled eyes
begging me to say 'yes'.

"I've seen that look that Jason has when he looks at you before, one other
time. It was the way Ty looked at me the first time we were about to have
sex. Yes, I'm sure that he wants you. Just as I'm positive that you want
him." I told him honestly.

"Oh, God! We don't have a chance, do we! I'm going to die! I can't let him
fall in love with me!"  he said, wailing in tears.

I grabbed him and held him in my arms while he cried. When he had calmed
down some, I began speaking to him very quietly.

"You have every chance in the world. You are not going to die! At least not
anytime soon. And I'm sorry to tell this to you, babe, but everybody is
going to die! We just don't know when. You could outlive Jason, you know!
And as far as 'letting' him fall in love with you - you don't have a
fucking choice in the matter. You can't control how somebody else
feels. You can either accept their love or reject it, but you can't stop
it." I told him.

"But what am I going to do? What's going to become of me? Jason can't get
out of the Marines for two years! What do I do until then?" he asked,
looking at me, his face stained with his tears.

"Well, that's what I came in here to talk to you about. If two gay males, a
couple, were to offer to let you live with them, would you be willing to
abide by their rules and go back to school?" I asked.

He looked at me with growing awareness.

"You mean you and your lover, don't you?" he asked.

"Well, yes. But my lover doesn't know anything about this yet. I haven't
had a chance to talk to him. And it's going to be up to him whether or not
we are willing to do this. I just want to know if you're willing?" I asked.

"What kind of rules?" he asked suspiciously. I could see the street hustler
coming out.

I took my arms from around him and looked him in the eyes.

"Before we start, I want to get one thing VERY clear! This is NOT about
sex! Neither Ty or I am interested in having sex with you." I told him.

"I know, because of the HIV." he said despondently.

"No! Because you're fucking 16 years old!" I all but screamed at him. "And
frankly, we have about all we can handle just keeping each other
satisfied." I grinned at him.

He got the hint and smiled back.

"Ok, so what rules?" he asked.

"First of all, if you did drugs out there on the street, forget them! I
ever catch you with drugs in our house, you're out on your pretty ass!" I
said.

"No, I didn't do drugs. They were offered all the time but I was scared to
do them. I used to get drunk, but I didn't even like that. I just did it so
that I could deal with some of the johns I had to deal with." he said,
hanging his head.

I reached over and lifted his chin so that he would look at me.

"That wasn't your fault! I would have to be pretty drunk to go with
somebody I didn't want just because I wanted to eat." I said.

He smiled at me. I think I was the first person, other than Jason that
wasn't judging him.

"Now, about the rest. You will have a curfew and you will have to follow
it. Either Ty or me will know where you are at all times. And we will
decide who you're allowed to go out with and who you're not as well as
where." I said.

"You don't have to worry about that. I don't have any friends." he said
sadly.

"Well, I expect that's going to change. Nobody as good looking as you are
is going to be without people who want to be friends with him for
long. And, besides, I think you do have one." I said, reminding him about
Jason.

"Will I be allowed to see Jason?" he asked.

"Yes, if Jason wants to see you and you want to see him." I said.

"Oh! I do want to see him!" he bubbled.

"And as far as that's concerned, what do you know about safe sex? You know
you can infect other people if you're not careful." I said.

"I know a lot about it. We had classes in school. I just didn't care when I
was out there. If some guy wanted to fuck me without a condom and would pay
triple my rate, I'd let him. I needed the money. I'm so sorry now." he
said, starting to cry again.

I took him back into my arms. I couldn't even begin to imagine what he was
going through. My own heart was breaking at the thought of someone so young
burdened with that awful virus!

"Look, we're going to do everything we can to keep you healthy for a long,
long time, Scott. I promise!" I swore to him.

He clung to me harder.

"Why are you doing this for me?" he asked.

"I guess because I can't stand to see someone as sweet as your are just
thrown away. You didn't ask to be born gay. None of us did. And nobody
should have to live what you've lived through, no matter what their
age. And, I guess, because I see an awful lot of myself in you. What I
would have become if I'd had parents like yours." I said.

He reached up and gently kissed me on the cheek.

"Nobody's ever done anything like this for me. I don't know how to thank
you." he said.

"You live and be the best Scott that you can be! That's how you thank me!
And let's not talk about thanks just yet. I still have got to sell this
whole thing to Ty!" I told him.

"I have a feeling that Ty has never been able to say no to you." he smiled.

"You know? Come to think of it, you're right!" I laughed and hugged him to
me.

The end of Part 7 of THE MARINE NEXT DOOR

If you like the story, please write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. Please don't
make plot suggestions as by the time you read this, the entire story has
already been written.

If you want to have a complete listing of my stories on NIFTY (the ONLY
place I post them) write me and I will gladly send it to you.

And if you're reading this on NIFTY (more especially if you're not) please
consider making a donation to the site to keep it operating and free!

Thank you,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 10)

Date: Wed, 26 Jun 2002 15:40:26 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: THE MARINE NEXT DOOR 6

Disclaimer: This is just a story. And it's about a Marine. Not a real one,
of course. Kind of a melding of a lot of them I've known in my life. Any
resemblance to any actual Marine is purely coincidence - but if there is, I
do wish he'd write me! Anyway, you know the drill, if you don't like sex
between males, what are you doing here? And if your Country, State,
Province, City, Town or Village won't let you read this kind of stuff -
MOVE!!! Somewhere where you can!

Oh, one more thing. This story is dedicated to my friend PUP, who just
LOVES Marines and stories about them. I hope he loves this one. And I kind
of hope it would come true for him.


THE MARINE NEXT DOOR - Part 6
by RimPig (c) 2002

When Ty got home that day, I was watching for his Jeep. I waited for him to
come up the stairs and then we went into his apartment. As soon as the door
was closed, he pulled me into his arms and kissed me.

"How was your day." he said, nuzzling his nose against mine.

"Very eventful. I told Mom about me and about us." I said.

I saw his eyes narrow with concern.

"So, how did she take it?" he asked slowly, seemingly afraid of the answer.

"Her exact words to me were 'You make sure that new son-in-law of mine is
at dinner tonight! I want to have some words with that boy about making my
son an honest man!'. I think that about sums it up!" I laughed.

"You're kidding! She isn't angry? You're sure?" Ty asked, almost afraid to
believe the good news.

"I'm positive, Ty! She's more than happy about it! She even apologized to
me for us having to sleep apart on the night's she's been home. She says
she doesn't want us to ever do that again on account of her. I did say we'd
sleep in your apartment that night." I grinned at this last part.

"Yes, I think that would be best, as noisy as you are when you get off!" Ty
laughed.

"ME!!! And who the fuck was yelling 'Fuck, yeah! Slam my ass!' last
night?!!"

"Ok, we're both loud when we get off. I can't fucking believe this. I
expected she'd go through the roof and forbid you to ever see me again!" Ty
said.

"She could never do that. I wouldn't listen. First of all, I'm over 18. I'm
not her's anymore. I'm your's. You are my lover, my partner and my
friend. Nothing she could say would ever come between us. You have got to
trust that, Ty." I said.

"I do, Bri." he swore.

"On top of that, she isn't like that! She told me that the only thing she's
ever wanted was for me to be happy. She know's I am. She's seen how happy I
am. And now she knows it was you who made me that happy. She's very
grateful to you. She says that over the last few months, I've really
changed. She said that I've become the person she always knew that I was
meant to be and she says it was your love that did that!" I told him.

"Wow! She said all that?! About me?!" he stared at me in wonder.

"There was one thing more. I don't know exactly how you're going to feel
about this one. You know how you said you always wanted a little brother?"
I reminded him.

"Yeah...?" he looked at me quizzically.

"Well, looks like you got your wish. Mom says she loves you like another
son. So I guess that makes us 'brothers' too. They do say that 'incest is
best even if it is only relative!'" I giggled.

"Owww!" Ty groaned at my awful pun. "But she really said that?!"

"Yes, Ty, she really said that. Now will you stop worrying. Everything is
going to work out. I know it is." I said, wrapping my arms around his neck
and putting my head against his chest.

"I truly hope you are right." he said, putting his arm around me and
holding me tight.

That night, when Ty came over to the apartment for dinner he got another
surprise. Rather than me answering the door, Mom opened the door and gave
him a great big hug and a kiss on both cheeks! It was funny to see him
blushing a deep shade of red. I really don't think he knew what to do at
that point. Mom smiled over at me and I walked over and put my arms around
him. He held me and then I leaned my head up for him to kiss me. He
hesitated a second, but then I think he got the message because he really
laid one on me! Tongue and all! Then we all sat down for dinner.

"Ty, I really want to welcome you to the family, such that it is. I have
been aware for months now of how happy Brian has been. I knew you were
responsible for some of it, I just didn't realize that you were responsible
for all of it. I really want to tell you how happy I am that Brian found
you and I really hope that the two of you have a very long and very happy
relationship." Mom told Ty.

"Thank you. But I have to say that I'm the one who really considers himself
lucky here. I love Brian very deeply. I fell for him almost the moment we
met. And I've had no doubts about how much he loves me. He's shown that in
a thousand ways. What I was worried about was how you would react to
this. I know my family wouldn't be so welcoming to Brian - or me for that
matter once they find out." Ty said.

"So they don't know about you." Mom asked him.

"No. That's one of the reasons I left home to join the Corps. I knew there
was no way I could live freely there and I also knew there was no way they
would accept one of their sons being Gay. My parents are good people but
they are very conservative and very religious. They see the love that Brian
and I have as sinful. I don't believe that, but I don't think they'll ever
change." Ty said.

"I find it so hard to believe that parents would just reject their own
child just because they were born Gay!" Mom said.

"That's just it." Ty told her, "they don't think people are born this
way. They think it's some kind of 'choice'. Yeah! Like I'd choose to be
hated and ridiculed. Like I would choose to have to hide who and what I am
from everybody." Ty's voice dripped sarcasm.

"I know. I've seen it in the hospital. Some of my AIDS patients. Hardly
more than boys. Their parents won't even come to visit them, or worse, if
they do, they lecture them about how AIDS is God's curse on them for their
'deviant' lifestyle! How do you get that way? What stupidity makes you
reject your child like that? I just cannot fathom it." Mom shook her head
sadly.

"Not all parents are like you." Ty said quietly to Mom. "I guess I now know
where Brian got all the love and caring he has in him." And he smiled shyly
at her.

Mom leaned over and kissed Ty on the cheek.

"Thank you, Ty. That's one of the nicest things I've heard in a long time."
Mom said. "Now, I want to talk about the sleeping arrangements around
here!" she announced.

I thought Ty was going to faint dead away at that point. As it was, he
blushed a deep red again. I don't think I ever warned Ty about exactly how
outspoken Mom was. She was never one to 'beat around the bush'. If she has
something to say, she just says it.

"Oh, come on, Ty! Don't get embarrassed. I've been married and I'm a
nurse. I kind of know how the parts fit together, even if I don't have
them!" she laughed.

Poor Ty! He just kept getting redder. I finally intervened.

"Mom, Ty's from Iowa! He's not used to talking about sex around a woman!
Especially not when he's sleeping with her son!" I laughed and Ty gave me a
look, but I couldn't help myself.

"Ok, all I want to say is that I know you two have been having to sleep
apart because of me. I want that to stop, Ty. I already told Brian. I don't
care where the two of you sleep - either in your apartment or here. Since I
have your cell number, Ty, I don't need to worry in case I need to get hold
of Brian. Or you, for that matter." she said.

"Well, actually - Ty's bed is a lot bigger than mine." I grinned.

"Well, you two decide. It's not up to me. Now, Ty." and she launched off in
another direction.  "What's this Brian tells me about you leaving the
Marine Corps?"

"Yes, that's true. When my enlistment's up in 6 months, I'm getting out. So
are Domingo and Tim. We are tired of all the hiding. And I don't like
living with the fear that I could be outed and kicked out at any time. I've
been a good Marine. All of my fitness reports were excellent. I was even
recommended to Officers Candidate School if I re-enlisted. But I can't go
on living a lie! If I stayed in, they would send me to Germany and Brian
and I would be apart for at least two years!"  he said.

"I understand. So what are you going to do with yourself?" Mom asked.

"You mean how am I going to support myself?" Ty laughed.

"No, a young man like you can always get a job. I'm not talking about a
job. What about a career.  Since the military isn't for you, what is?" she
asked.

"I really don't know. I've thought about a lot of things. But I hadn't
decided on anything." Ty said.

"Ever considered the medical field? Like nursing?" Mom said.

"Oh, I don't think I would make a very good nurse." Ty said.

"And why not?" Mom asked. "You afraid of the sight of blood?"

"No. Nothing like that. I grew up on a farm. I'm not squeamish. I just
don't think that I would be caring enough to handle patients." Ty said.

"Why do you think that? After the way I've seen you with Brian, I can't
believe there isn't a lot of caring down inside you. Maybe you've just been
taught to hide it and not bring it out." Mom said.

"Well...maybe..." he said.

"Of course, there are other really important jobs within the medical field
as well. There are inhalation therapists, X-ray technicians and, looking at
the physical shape you're in, you could also think about being a physical
therapist. What we need to do is get you to the local community collage and
have some aptitude tests run. They will tell you two very important
things. What you like and what you're good at." Mom told him.

"They did some testing like that on me when I enlisted." Ty said.

"Yes, but those tests were to determine where you would be best suited to
the Marine Corp's needs. You want to find out what's best for YOU, not the
Corps." Mom said.

"Well, I'm willing to try anything! I know that I'm good with my hands and
I'm a good mechanic.  I just figure that I should do something better than
that." Ty said.

"Why?" Mom asked.

"What do you mean?" Ty asked, his face showing dismay at Mom's question.

"Well, if you've already found something you like and you're good at it,
what's the problem?"  Mom asked, confused.

"Well, I just thought that with Brian being a nurse and all, I should do
better than that." he admitted.

"Ty! That's no reason! I told you I would love you no matter what you did!
If you love being a mechanic then I love being married to a mechanic! Ok?"
I said.

"You really don't mind?" he asked.

Mom and I both started laughing. Ty sat there and looked confused at us.

"I think what my son is trying to tell you is that he loves you no matter
what you do. As long as what you do makes you happy, that makes him
happy. Get it, Corporal?" Mom laughed.

Ty finally got it. I do love him but sometimes he can be a typical Marine
when it comes to the subtlety of human emotions.

"Yeah, well Tim has this inheritance from his grandfather and I've got some
money saved and we figured the three of us could open a garage here in
town. I guess there's always a need for good mechanics." Ty said.

"Yes, especially if they're not only good, but honest!" Mom said. "You
don't know what it's taken for me to keep my old car going!"

"Well, you'll never have to worry about that again!" Ty promised her.

"Hey!" Mom said, turning to me. "I could really get to like this guy! We
need a mechanic in this family more than a doctor or a lawyer anyway!"

Ty grinned. I knew what Mom was doing. She was letting him know that he was
important and that what he did was just as important. I could see him
preening under her ego-building. It was funny to watch her do it and
realize how many times she'd done that for me. Of course, nobody could do
it for me like Ty does, but that's a completely different thing. I want to
be special for Ty.  It was like those guys in the Sacred Theban Band. I
never wanted to show dishonor or a lack of courage in front of my
lover. And I knew that Ty felt the same way about me.

That night, Mom didn't have to work so Ty and I decided we would sleep over
at his place. Mom kissed both of us good night when we left and Ty even
managed not to blush to badly when she did it. We got next door to his
apartment and Tim and Domingo were sitting around not doing much of
anything. Ty decided that he and I would go out and get some beer for us
all to celebrate what had happened with my Mom. He went into the bedroom to
get something and Domingo went with him, saying he needed to talk to Ty
about something. I was sitting on the couch with Tim.

"So your Mom took it ok then?" Tim asked.

"More than ok! Ty just got welcomed as a member of the family!" I enthused.

"God! Are you lucky! Domingo's family disowned him when they found out
about us and all my mother did was cry. She still won't talk about Domingo
and I and she keeps trying to get me to come home for holidays without
him. I told her that either he comes with me or I don't come.  Period. I
haven't seen her in three years now." he said sadly.

I reached out my hand and grasp his shoulder and before I knew it, Tim was
in my arms, crying like his heart would break. I didn't know what to do. I
just held him and stroked his hair. What could I say? 'You're mother's a
bitch who doesn't care about your happiness - only her own'? I didn't think
that would do a lot of good, so I just sat there holding him and let him
cry.

After a while, he pulled himself together and sat up.

"I'm sorry, man! I fucking hate when I do that. I didn't mean to have you
see me like that." he said.

"It's no problem, Tim. We're friends, remember? Friends care about each
other and each other's feelings. I'm really sorry that you're going through
this. I feel kind of bad myself because here I am bragging about how great
my Mom has accepted us." I said.

"No, man! Don't you see! Stuff like that gives me hope that maybe someday
Domingo and I will find acceptance from her. Who knows? Maybe she'll wake
up one day and realize she's cut herself off from her only child." he
sighed.

"I sure wouldn't do that! At least not with a child as cute as you are." I
smiled.

"Oh, fuck off with you! You've got the stud of the Marine Corps you're
sleeping with!" he joked.

"No really! The first day you guys moved in, you didn't know it but I was
up in my bedroom window watching you through the curtains. I got hard just
looking at the two of you!" I admitted.

"But you ended up with Ty!" he said.

"Well, yes. But there was just something about him. It wasn't just what he
looked like. It was like I fell in love with him the minute I saw him. And
it was love, too. I didn't just want to jump his bones." I told him.

"Yeah, it was kind of like that for Domingo and me. You know we met during
boot camp. We weren't even in the same squad but we ended up pulling KP
duty together. We actually met over a garbage can full of potatoes we were
supposed to be peeling!" Tim laughed.

"Ty told me that you guys didn't get together the first time until after
you were out of boot camp - on your first leave." I said.

"Well, that's not exactly true. We never told Ty the story of the first
time we had sex together.  We figured we'd shock his Iowa sensibilities if
we told him the truth." Tim said and then started giggling.

"Ok, this must be really good. I'm not from Iowa. Tell me!" I begged.

"Ok, but you gotta promise not to tell Ty! I'm afraid he'd have a shit fit
if he found out the truth!  Domingo and I had sex the first time behind the
altar in the base chapel!!!" Tim giggled.

I guess the look on my face was enough to tell him how shocked I was! But I
quickly burst into laughter, too!

"You're shitting me, right?" I asked.

"No, man! For real!!! Right there behind the altar - in front of God Jesus
and the Blessed Virgin!"  By this point, Tim was falling over with laughter
and I was joining him. I could just see the whole insanity of the scene in
my mind!

"How the fuck did it happen?" I asked.

"Well, it was one afternoon. I got detailed to go over and clean the
place. On the way there, I ran into Dom, who was just hanging out, not
having anything to do for a few hours. I told him where I was going and he
tagged along. Trust me! I was glad to have him. I'd been trying to figure
out how to get him alone for weeks. I didn't even know if he was gay or not
but he'd showed so much interest in me that day we had KP together that I
figured it was at least worth a shot!" he said.

"Yeah, I can understand that." I answered.

"So anyway, there we are inside the chapel. Dark, the only light coming
through the stained glass windows. I'm dusting and waxing the wooden pews
and he's following me and talking. Suddenly I'm finishing a pew and stand
up and there he is, standing right in front of me. Not six inches away. And
the next thing I know, he take my face in his hands and kisses me! Right on
the lips!  And then he sticks his tongue about halfway down my throat!" Tim
enthused.

"So what did you do?" I asked.

"What the fuck do you think I did! I dropped the damned dust rag and
grabbed hold of him! I was instantly in love! Nobody had ever kissed me the
way that Dom did! Before I knew it, we were trying to get into each other's
uniform. I was rubbing this hunk of meat behind his fatigue pants that was
so big, I almost couldn't believe it! Then we started looking around for
someplace to do it, but there was nothing! We thought about the
confessional, but we didn't want to do it standing up the first time. Then
we like both spotted the altar at the same time!"  Tim laughed.

"So what did you do?" I asked.

"We noticed that there was plenty of room behind there and it was long
enough that you couldn't see behind it. So we went behind the altar and
then next thing you know, we're in this really hot 69 and sucking the shit
outa each other's cocks! We both shot huge loads down each other's throats
and then we lay there in each other's arms coming down from the high!" he
told me.

"So what happened after that?" I asked.

"Well...while we were laying there, we were making out and talking. I don't
know what happened really. It was like somewhere in that conversation, we
decided that we were made for each other and that we were lovers. We've
talked about it since then but neither of us can remember who brought it up
or when the decision was made. But we both left the chapel that day knowing
we were in love and wanted to spend the rest of our lives together." Tim
said.

"It's kind of like with Ty and me. We both admitted we loved each other
almost from the first.  But I know who brought up being lovers. That was
Ty. I would never have had the nerve to ask him!" I admitted.

"The Corporal can be a bit intimidating at times, can't he!" Tim giggled.

"Well, not really. With me he is very sweet and loving. Sometimes he gets
embarrassed and blushes! I love when he does that!" I enthused.

"Ty? Tyler Harrison? Blushing?! I can't believe it!" Tim almost screamed.

"Shh!!! He'd kill me if he knew I was telling you this!" I laughed.

"Well, now I've heard everything!" Tim said.

Something hit me. Something from that first night Ty and I spent
together. And now was my chance to ask about it.

"Tim, can I ask you something? Something kind of personal?" I asked him.

"Sure, Brian! You can ask anything!" Tim said.

"Why do you and Domingo have sex with other people? I mean, I know that you
both used to have sex with Ty before he met me. He told me about it." I
told him.

"Well...you see, it's hard to explain. It's not that we don't love each
other. And sex between Dom and me is always fantastic! But, hey! We're both
guys. We like to have sex for fun! Not just to make love. And it's fun to
have someone different there. It changes the dynamic. It makes it fun and
not so serious. Making love is wonderful and I pray we never stop. But
sometimes, it gets so serious. It is to meaningful to us just to have fun
with each other. That's what somebody else adds to the mix -
fun. Sometimes, we have sex with other couples, sometimes with just another
guy."  he said.

"But don't you feel like you're cheating on Dom. Or that he's cheating on
you?" I pressed.

"Fuck, no! I'm right there! I'm getting off on him getting off on somebody
else! And he gets off the same way - watching me doing it with somebody
else. Sometimes, we do somebody together!  It's just a lot of fun." he
said. "Why are you asking?"

"It's just I was curious. That's all. I love, Ty. I do! But there's
sometimes when I wonder what it would be like to be with another guy. Oh,
not to love, but just sex. You know that I was a virgin when I met Ty. I've
never had sex with anyone else. And I'm just curious what it would be
like."  I told him honestly.

"I think you should. But I think you should also talk to Ty first." Tim
said.

"Oh! I wouldn't think of doing anything unless I'd talked to Ty. We
promised each other that.  But, you know, I get the feeling sometimes that
Ty would like to, but he's afraid of saying anything to me." I said.

"Well, then its time you brought it up, don't you think?" Tim asked.

"Yeah. I do think so. I just don't know how to bring it up without sounding
like I'm tired of him or don't love him!" I admitted.

"Well...I'm not supposed to be talking to you about this, but the reason
that Dom took Ty in the other room was that we wanted to invite the two of
you to kind of join us in a little orgy tonight.  Just the four of us. So,
here's you r chance - if you're at all interested." Tim said.

"Oh, God! Yes! I'm interested. I've always been attracted to you two." I
said.

"Yeah! Ty told us about the binoculars!" Tim said and then was rolling on
the couch laughing.

"Oh, God! He didn't!!!" I almost screamed. "I'm going to kill him!!!"

"Oh, we thought it was hot! Don't worry about it. But act like you don't
know anything about it, ok?" Tim said.

"Ok, I won't let Ty know." I said.

At this point, Ty and Dom came out of the bedroom and Ty and I left to get
the beer.

As we got into the Jeep, Ty looked over at me before he started the engine.

"Ahh...I need to talk to you about something." Ty said, a hesitation in his
voice and a strange look in his eyes.

"Is it serious?" I asked.

"Well...not really serious, but it could be uncomfortable for you." Ty
said.

"What is it, Ty" I asked, playing naive since I already knew where this was
heading.

"You know we once discussed having sex with other people." he said.

"You've found someone you want to have sex with?" I asked.

"Well, in a way." he said, looking more uncomfortable by the second.

"What do you mean, 'in a way'?" I asked.

"Ok, here it is. You know I used to have sex with Dom and Tim before we got
together." he said.

"Yes, I know that. So you want to have sex with them again?" I asked.

"Not just me. They've invited both of us to get together with them
tonight. I told them that I would leave that completely up to you. You've
never had sex with anyone but me and I told them I wasn't sure you were
ready to do anything with anyone else, especially in a group setting." Ty
said.

"Do you want to?" I asked quietly.

"I don't know exactly how to answer that, Bri. On one hand, I'd be up for
it. I'd enjoy having sex with the guys again and I would really get off
watching you have sex with them. But I don't need to do this - especially
if it would make you uncomfortable." he said honestly.

"Look, Ty. I've had the feeling for a while that you'd like to do this, but
you've been afraid of my reaction. I got the feeling that you felt if you
approached me about this then I would feel you were getting tired of me or
didn't love me anymore. I don't feel that at all! I've been kind of
wondering what it would be like to have sex with someone else with you
around, too. I've just been afraid to bring it up because I didn't want you
to think that I was tired of you." I said.

Ty reached over and took me in his arms so that my head was resting on his
chest and his chin was all but resting on the top of my head.

"Bri, I know how much you love me. Better still, I can tell how much you
want me. Shit! We don't need to worry about what we mean to each other. I
figured eventually you'd want to know what sex with another guy was
like. That's only normal. I'm not going to think you love me any less
because of it." he said quietly.

"Then let's do it!" I said. "You know I think Dom and Tim are hot. Just
promise me one thing." I said.

"Anything, Bri!" Ty said.

"Promise me that sometime tonight you'll make love to me?" I said quietly,
looking up at him.

"Oh, lover, that's a promise!" Ty swore and then he leaned down and kissed
me.

We went and got beer and then drove back to the apartment. When we got
there, Dom and Tim were waiting for us in the living room. When we walked
in, Dom gave Ty a significant look.  Instead of an answering one, Ty looked
at me and smiled. I walked over to Domingo and leaned down and kissed him
right on the mouth, forcing my tongue inside his. At first he didn't react,
he evidently was somewhat shocked by my actions but after a few seconds, he
not only began kissing me back, but was running his hand up into my crotch
and feeling my already hard cock. I'd been hard all the way back to the
apartment in anticipation of what was going to happen. I broke the kiss and
looked down at Domingo and gave him a wink.

"Does that answer your question, Dom?" I smiled.

His only answer was a very loud "Hoo! Rah!" and the four of us laughed and
then trooped off to their bedroom. As soon as we got into the room, clothes
began flying and we were all soon naked and hard. I looked at the two cocks
I'd never seen before. Dom's cock was about eight inches and very thick. It
was a dark tan with a long foreskin that covered his cockhead even when he
was raging hard - which he was. His pubic hair was black and thick and
covered his crotch and his balls. Tim, on the other hand, had a cock which
was about seven inches, cut and very, very white with a just puff of red
pubic hair above it. His balls had no hair on them at all, but I found out
later he shaved.

I suddenly found myself surrounded by three very horny and hard Marines who
proceeded to make love to almost every part of my body at once. Ty was in
front of me and kissed me deeply while tugging at my nipples. I could feel
Tim below me on his knees, licking at my balls and moving up to my lick the
length of my cock which was already dripping cock-snot. Domingo was behind
me and was also on his knees with my ass cheeks pulled apart and his mouth
locked to my asshole, licking and shoving his long tongue up inside me! I
was overwhelmed by the feeling and was moaning into Ty's mouth. He pulled
away from me and grinned a very horny grin.

"You're 'new meat', lover! You get the full treatment!" and he chuckled as
he took possession of my mouth again.

Tim now had my cock buried in his throat and was massaging it with his
throat muscles. Dom was still eating out my butt with the addition of a
single finger worming it's what up my hole towards my joy-button. Ty pulled
away again and looked at my face, flush with sexual excitement.

"So what do you want, lover? You name it and it's yours." he said.

I thought for a second and then answered.

"I want Dom to fuck me while you sit on my face so I can eat your butt and
Tim to suck my cock at the same time." I said.

I think I shocked Ty with my very complete order. He suddenly realized that
I'd evidently been thinking about this scene for a while to have come up
with such a detailed fantasy!

"You got it!" he grinned. "You heard him, guys! Get him on the bed!"

I lay down on the bed and I watched as Dom lifted my legs and began lubing
my ass. His cock was bouncing up between his legs and I knew that I was
going to get a good 'ride' out of his thick meat. Tim lay down beside me
where I could play with his cock and his ass while he sucked on my cock. Ty
knelt beside my head. I knew he was waiting to mount my face until after
Dom slid his cock into me. I knew this was something that Ty wanted to
watch.

Dom lifted my legs and threw them over his shoulders and lined up his
dripping cockhead with my hole. He slowly pushed forward and I could feel
his thickness working it's way up my shit chute.  It felt really good! Not
as big as Ty, but a nice amount of cock none the less!

Tim's mouth and throat were slowly and easily working on my cock, enough
that it felt good, but no enough to bring me off. He seemed to know just
the right tempo and tightness to keep me very hard but no where near
cumming.

Ty had watched Domingo bottom out in my butt and leaned over and kissed Dom
as he rested, completely buried in my ass. Then Ty swung his leg over my
head and slowly sat down on my face. I got to watch his beautiful ass
pucker as his cheeks spread and it moved closer and closer to my face. I
put up my hands to stop his downward progress when he was about four or
five inches from my nose. This way I could raise my head and bury my nose
in his fragrant ass for a long, erotic snort of his ass scent! Oh, how I
loved the smell of my lover's ass funk and musk! Since that very first
night together, Ty had kept his promise of never showering before we had
sex - only after. Well..sometimes we did have sex while we were taking a
shower, but that was different.

So there I was in Marine heaven! Dom was nicely pounding my ass, Tim was
sucking my cock while I shoved two fingers up his and played around in his
hot, wet hole and my lover was letting me suck and lick his asshole! What
more could I ask for? If I'd died right then, I would have died the
happiest ass sucker on the planet!

But the night was still young!

Domingo speeded up and began to really pound my butt hard! With Tim's
sucking throat wrapped around my cock and Ty's raunchy butt mashed against
my face and my tongue buried up inside his tasty ass, I was soon screaming
up Ty's butt while I shot a huge load down Tim's throat and I could feel
Domingo unloading a hot, Puerto-Rican load up my ass!

I lay there spent while Domingo's cock slid out of my ass. Ty got up off my
face to allow me to catch my breath. Neither he or Tim had gotten off. Tim
took his head off my stomach, where he had been sucking on my cock and
leaned over and started sucking on Ty's. Ty looked at me to gauge my
reaction to someone else doing him. For a split second, I wondered why I
wasn't jealous. But then I realized, just as quickly, that I had nothing to
be jealous of. Ty loved me. I had not doubt of that. Nothing that happened
in Tim and Domingo's bed was going to change that. So I smiled at him and
he smiled back while grabbing Tim's head and fucking his face.

I found that watching Ty fuck Tim's face was extremely arousing! I never
got to see what Ty looked like when he was doing this to me because my face
was otherwise engaged at the time. I could watch his hips pistoning and the
look on his face as he shoved his hard cock down Tim's willing throat. This
went on for a while and then Tim pulled off Ty's cock and looked up at him.

"Fuck me, Ty! Please?" Tim begged.

Again, Ty looked over at me. It was time I got it through his head that
this was all ok with me.

"Yeah, Ty! Fuck his ass for him! Let me see you pound the shit out of him!
In fact, let me get his hole ready for you!" I said, leaning down and
putting my mouth to Tim's hole.

Tim's hole was surrounded by a sprinkling of red hairs. I licked through
his ass trench and quickly found his puckered opening. The muscles of his
ass were causing it to wink open and closed and I easily slid my tongue
inside it. Tim moaned at my oral rape of his ass and reached back and
pulled his ass cheeks farther apart to make my access easier. I noticed
both Ty and Domingo slowly stroking their cocks while watching me eat Tim's
butt.

I pulled away and Tim got on his hands and knees with his ass facing Ty. I
grabbed a bottle of lube off the night stand and put some on Tim's hole and
also lubed up Ty's cock. I then put Ty's cock at the opening to Tim's ass
and watched as Ty slowly slid it all the way in. Tim was moaning at the
large intrusion into his guts, but I reached underneath him and his cock
was not only completely hard, but leaking cock snot in a steady stream onto
the bed.

I figured that I would return the favor to Tim for his sucking my cock
while Domingo fucked me, so I got on my back and slid under Tim. I took his
dripping cock into my mouth and began to suck him. I quickly discovered and
added bonus for my actions - a close-up view of Ty's cock as it banged in
and out of Tim's willing hole. Tim leaned down and started sucking my cock
which was now completely hard again. We lay there 69ing for a few minutes
while Ty continued his anal assault.

Suddenly, I felt my legs lifted up and back and a sucking mouth attach
itself to my ass! Domingo was down sucking his load out of my butt while
Tim and I sucked each other's cocks. Then I heard Domingo spit and then
next thing I knew, his hard cock was sliding back into my butt, lubed no
doubt by the load that Domingo had previously shot off in my ass. The four
of us were re-connected. Tim and I in a hot 69 while Domingo and Ty fucked
our asses.

Ty evidently wanted this to slow down and for us to not cum so fast so I
heard him tell Domingo to switch. I wasn't exactly sure what he was talking
about until I saw Ty's cock withdraw from Tim's butt and felt Domingo's
withdraw from mine. The next thing I saw was Domingo shoving his cock in
Tim's ass (which was right in front of my eyes) and then the feeling of
Ty's cock burrowing into my butt. They fucked Tim and I this way for a
while, and then Ty called for a switch again. Ty went back to fucking Tim
and Domingo's cock was once again pounding in and out of my ass.

Before they could switch again, however, I dropped Tim's cock from my mouth
and said, "How about a REAL switch?".

"What do you mean?" Ty huffed while continuing to pound Tim's ass.

"How about you fuckers becoming the fukee's?" I asked.

"Ok by me!" Ty said, pulling out of Tim's ass.

"Yeah! Get a cock up my butt!" Doming said, pulling out of mine.

Tim dropped my cock from his mouth and got from over me.

"So what do we do?" Tim asked me.

"Simple. You fuck Ty now and I'll fuck Domingo and they can 69 while we do
it." I said.

So with a few minutes of re-arranging, I found my cock up Domingo's ass and
Tim was pounding away at Ty's. I guess Domingo didn't get fucked very often
because his butt was really tight, but gradually opened up as I continued
to fuck him. Tim and I also switched and I found myself fucking Ty and
watching Tim fuck Domingo. The we switched back.

This went on for a while, but it was obvious we were all getting close. I
asked if anyone wanted to change again or just get off they way we
were. Tim said he's just as soon cum right then and the agreeing moans from
Ty and Domingo as they deep throated each other's cocks was enough of a
vote. Within minutes four cocks were spewing cum down four holes - two
asses and two throats.

The moans of orgasm from four very horny males were very loud. No one who
heard them could have any doubt about what had just happened. We finally
collapsed in a heap of sweaty, sated bodies.

After a while, when everybody's breathing returned to normal, Domingo and
Tim both expressed their thanks to Ty and me for joining them.

"Hey, it was really fun!" I said. "We'll have to do this again! Soon!"

"Yeah, guys! It was not only like old times, it was better than old times!"
Ty said. "But I think it's time for us to go hit the hay. Morning comes way
too fast!"

"Yeah! You're right." Domingo said. "But anytime you want a re-match, just
let us know."

Ty and I kissed Domingo and Tim and then we went over to our own bedroom.

"Did you really enjoy that?" Ty said, taking me in his arms as soon as we
were in our room.

"Fuck, yes! That was really hot!" I told him.

"It didn't bother you did it? I'm not going to have to deal with any guilt
or regrets in the morning am I?" he eyed me suspiciously.

"You'll have to deal with one fucking pissed off lover if you don't keep
your promise tonight!" I warned him.

"Why do you think I called a halt to things. I wanted to get you alone
while I still had some stamina left. Remember, I'm not the one who got off
twice tonight!" he grinned.

"And I'm quite ready to go for three, thank you very much!" I gave him a
smug grin.

"God! I've created a sex fiend!" he laughed.

He pulled me down on the bed and slowly began to make love to me, licking
almost my whole body with his tongue before taking me back in his arms and
slowly entering me. I looked into his eyes the whole time, seeing what he
felt expressed in them. If I had any doubts about whether he would love me
as much after having sex with Tim and Domingo, they would have been quickly
dispelled. Ty was not only still in love with me, it seemed he loved me
just a little more.

We made love quietly, neither of us saying a word. And when my climax hit,
Ty and I moaned our mutual orgasm into each other's mouth. Ty then slowly
pulled out and rolled off me. He pulled me to him, spoon fashion and with
his arms around me, we fell deeply asleep.

The end of Part 6 of THE MARINE NEXT DOOR

If you like the story, please write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. Please don't
make plot suggestions as by the time you read this, the entire story has
already been written.

If you want to have a complete listing of my stories on NIFTY (the ONLY
place I post them) write me and I will gladly send it to you.

And if you're reading this on NIFTY (more especially if you're not) please
consider making a donation to the site to keep it operating and free!

Thank you,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 11)

Date: Wed, 26 Jun 2002 15:40:26 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: THE MARINE NEXT DOOR 5

Disclaimer: This is just a story. And it's about a Marine - actually
several Marines. None of them are real one, of course. Kind of a melding of
a lot of Marine's I've had the honor to have known in my life. Any
resemblance to any actual Marine is purely coincidence - but if there is, I
do wish he'd write me! Anyway, you know the drill, if you don't like sex
between males, what are you doing here? And if your Country, State,
Province, City, Town or Village won't let you read this kind of stuff -
MOVE!!! Somewhere where you can!

Oh, one more thing. This story is dedicated to my friend PUP, who just
LOVES Marines and stories about them. I hope he loves this one. And I kind
of hope it would come true for him.


THE MARINE NEXT DOOR - Part 5
by RimPig (c) 2002

When I opened the door, I didn't see Mom at all.

"Mom, I'm home! I've got Ty with me!" I called out.

"I'll be right out, Brian. There's coffee on the counter. Offer some to
your friend." Mom called out from her bedroom.

"I could almost hear here say 'little friend', like she did when I was a
kid!" I quietly giggled to Ty.

"I could use a cup of coffee." he said, his voice tense.

"You seem nervous." I said, wondering what was going on.

"Of course I'm fucking nervous!" Ty whispered. "If she doesn't like me,
she's never going to let us spend time together and then where will we be?"

"Ty, please, don't worry! Mom will love you - I promise!" I said, touching
his shoulder and giving him a smile.

He tried to smile back and put his hand over mine. I gave him a quick peck
on the cheek and went and got us both a cup of coffee.

"Bri, what the fuck should I call her? What the fuck's you're last name,
anyway?!"  he whispered desperately.

I could almost laugh, he was so cute when he was nervous, but I figured he
would probably not appreciate any laughter at that point.

"Connors. Just call her Mrs. Connors." I whispered.

We sat down at the kitchen table and waited for my Mom. Finally she came
out of the bedroom, dressed for work in her whites.

"Hello, you have to be Ty." she said, reaching out her hand to him.

"I'm glad to meet you Mrs. Connors." Ty said, giving her one of his most
brilliant smiles. I'm surprised she was left standing!

"Please, call me Beverly! There's no need to be so formal." she said,
taking a seat.

Ty, who had stood the second she entered the room, sat down as well. I
watched the interplay between them. I could see that Mom definitely noticed
how attractive Ty was. Ty on the other hand, was covering his nervousness
pretty well, except for those little beads of sweat on his upper lip which
I could see.

"You know my father was in the Marines. He was a Lt. Colonel. He was killed
in Viet Nam when I was a little girl." Mom said.

"So Brian was telling me. I'm very sorry for your loss, ma'am." Ty said.

"Oh, please, Ty! Don't call me ma'am. You make me feel so old!" Mom
giggled.

I'd never seen her like this before. She was almost being flirtatious with
Ty! It was almost embarrassing except it was so funny. Mom, at least,
hasn't figured out yet that she's barking up the wrong tree with Ty. It
wasn't girls he liked.

"I must say, Ty, I'm very happy you guys moved in next door. The previous
tenants were a disaster! They fought all the time! The noise kept Brian
awake at night." Mom said.

"Well, I promise, with having to be up at 5:00 am to make it back to base,
I won't be keeping Brian up too late." Ty said and then smiled at me.

I almost choked on my coffee! No, he wouldn't be keeping me up too late,
but he's not about to tell Mom how he's going to keep me 'up' late!

"And I haven't seen Brian this happy in a very long time. He's been very
lonely here since we moved. He seems to have really brightened up since you
all have moved in." Mom said.

"You have a wonderful son. He is a very caring and loving person. It's a
nice change from being around other Marines all the time." Ty said, again
smiling at me. But this smile was different. This one was filled with
love. I only hoped Mom didn't catch it.

"I guess he's quite a bit younger than the rest of you?" Mom asked.

"No, not really. Brian's almost 19. My buddy Tim is only 20, Domingo is 21
and I'm 22. So there's only about three years between Brian and me. That's
not much in the way of age difference." Ty said.

"No, I guess it isn't after all." Mom said.

At this point, I excused myself to go and start getting dinner ready. Mom
and Ty continued to talk for a while. Ty told Mom about growing up on a
farm and how he'd joined the Marines to get out of a small town and see
something of the world. Ty finally excused himself, saying he had some
things to take care of. I told him I'd call him when dinner was ready.

After he'd gone, Mom and I discussed him.

"Well, Brian, I must say, you have excellent taste in friends! Ty seems
like a really nice young man." Mom said.

"I think so!" I said. I wondered if she thought I had such good taste in
'husbands'.

"I'm glad you finally have some friends of your own. I won't worry so much
about leaving you alone." she said.

"Mom, I'm ok. I can fend for myself all right." I said.

"Well, be that as it may, it isn't good to spend all your time alone." she
replied.

"I guess." I said.

I returned to fixing dinner. I knew I wouldn't be spending all my time
alone. I would only be spending time that I wasn't with Ty alone. That
prospect was a very warming one to me.

Dinner was ready and I called Ty over. We had dinner and Mom told Ty some
of what she knew about her father's life in the Marines. Ty told her about
some of his experiences overseas in Japan and the Philippines. I hadn't
even known he'd gone there. Seems there were a lot of things that Ty and I
still needed to learn about each other, but there was plenty of time.

After dinner, Ty helped me clean up and then he and I went over to his
apartment and spent time with Tim and Domingo. They wanted to hear all
about what had happened with Ty and I the night before and how we had
gotten together so fast. We told them a very edited version of the story,
keeping much of what had happened between us to ourselves. Then the four of
us played spades for a while. Before I knew it, Mom called on Ty's cell
phone to let me know she was leaving for work. Ty and I went back to my
apartment to see her off and then spent time alone together.

Of course, what was on Ty's mind was Mom's reaction.

"So what did she say about me?" Ty asked.

"She was very impressed with you! I told you she would be. There was no
reason to be nervous."  I told him.

"Well...I didn't want anything to make things difficult for us. We have
enough difficulty that we'll have to face as it is." Ty said.

"What do you mean? What difficulties?" I asked.

"Bri, there's a lot about being in a relationship with another guy that you
don't understand yet.  You know about having to hide the fact that you're
Gay. We all learn that very quickly. But it becomes doubly important when
you're in a relationship. You know that if the Corps suspected anything
about us, I'd be kicked out with a dishonorable discharge. And faster than
you could say 'Semper Fi'." he said.

I could see that this was a real worry to him.

"Do you think something like that is going to happen?" I asked him.

"There's been 'witch hunts' since I've been in the Corps. I knew of one guy
who not only thrown out, he was forced to name other guys who he knew were
Gay first. They told him if they gave him names, he would get a general
discharge. They lied. He gave them the names of 4 other guys and they were
all given dishonorable discharges! That's the way things are." he said,
with anger in his voice.

"But that's not right!" I fumed.

"No, it's not. But that's the way things are. I'm sorry. So you see, we
can't ever be seen as anything other than friends. We're safest if we don't
go out much together. I'm sorry. You didn't count on this when you got
involved with me, but it's the way things have to be." he said, hanging his
head in apology.

"Ty," I said, "I don't care about going out. What I care about is you! I'll
do anything you say. I don't want to ever do anything to screw up your
life."

"But what about your life, Bri!" Ty said, his eyes showing tears.

"You are my life, Ty! Before you came along, I was just existing in a
vacuum. There was nothing in my life but loneliness. No one to love and no
one to love me. You've changed all that. And besides, I plan to keep you
far too busy to go out!" I grinned.

We were laying in bed and I leaned over an locked my lips around one of his
nipples and began sucking.

"I never mind being busy like that!" he moaned as I continued my attack on
his chest by moving to the other nipple and giving it the same treatment.

"So, you want to get fucked tonight?" I asked, raising my face from his
chest and looking him right in the eyes.

He must have seen the lust in mine because he grinned and I could see an
answering lust building in his eyes.

"Fuck, yeah! Pound my hole, Bri! I told you I love it when you fuck me!" he
all but growled in heat.

I went back to his chest, using my tongue this time and licked down the
front of his body, paying attention to all the contours of his
musculature. I coated his washboard abs with my tongue, running it down all
the grooves as he clenched his muscles at the intimate caress of my wet
tongue.

Next, I moved down to his groin. I could smell the musky scent of him. He
had showered with me that morning, but now his maleness was apparent in the
warmth wafting out of his groin. The scent went straight to my cock and I
was not only hard, but dripping pre-cum all over the place. I licked around
the base of his cock and then buried my nose and tongue into the apex of
Ty's legs, sniffing and licking his hairy balls. Ty was moaning at my
attention to them as I tried to lick further south but found I could go no
further from that position.

I got up off the bed and approached Ty's body from the foot of the bed. He
knew what I was doing and readily turned onto his back and raised his legs
for me. He wanted what he knew was coming - my nose and tongue in his ass!
And I was not about to disappoint him!

I buried my face in his ass trench and breathed deep of the musk and
maleness of this man that I loved. His scent never failed to excite me. I
would get lost in it. I began licking deep in his trench, tasting the
muskiness of him and the saltiness of the sweat I found there. I approached
the soft opening to his body and my tongue began to lick in spirals until
it reached the actual hole. My approach had softened the muscles and I no
more than gently pressed the tip of my tongue to the hole and it was able
to slip inside. I then sucked on his ass lips, drawing them into my mouth
while my tongue went deeper and deeper inside his body.

I licked out his hole and deposited as much spit as I could to help to
lubricate his opening for my cock. I wanted to fuck him so badly. I was
surprised at the level of my desire! Ty had been right.  Once I learned
what it felt like to stroke my cock in and out of his more than willing
hole, I wanted it! I wanted to plant my seed inside his body and mark this
ass as mine! I understood Ty completely now because as much as I loved to
have him fuck me, I loved fucking him! Somehow, I seemed to draw a certain
kind of strength and confidence from being able to pleasure him in this
way. I couldn't explain it but I could feel it. And it was a feeling that
was seeming to last even when we weren't in bed.

I continued to lick his hole for a long time. Ty's moans of pleasure kept
building until he could barely stand it and he begged me to go on to the
next level of union.

"Brian! God! Please! Fuck me! I don't want to cum this way! I need to feel
that cock of yours in my ass! Please!" he begged and I grinned to myself at
the feeling of equality it gave me to know how badly he needed me.

"I gotta get the lube." I said, pulling my face out of his ass.

"No you don't! Just use your spit! I can take it! Just do it now, Brian!
Fuck me! Fuck me hard!"  he continued to beg.

I rose up on my knees between his legs. He kept his legs pulled back,
spreading his ass before me.  It was an incredibly beautiful site to see
his hard cock and his winking asshole waiting for me to thrust my rod hard
into his hole. I pulled back the foreskin on my cock and began milking the
pre- cum from my piss-hole onto his willing ass. This would provide added
lubrication. I also spit into my hand and began lubing my cock with
it. When I was ready, I put my cockhead at the quivering lips of his ass.

I leaned forward on my hands, which I placed beside Ty's ribs so that I
could look down at his face as I began slowly but forcefully to shove my
cock into his butt. I had done a good job with my rimming him to get his
butt relaxed because it took very little pressure and my cockhead was
buried in his hole. I could feel his ass muscles tightening and massaging
my cock and I nearly lost it right there, but I was able to resist the urge
and continued pressing my cock into his body.

I looked down at his face and his eyes locked on mine. I could see the
love, the desire and the fuck-heat in them. I knew that Ty was in another
place, a place where nothing mattered but his ass and my cock driving into
it. He moaned as my cock bore through his inner tissues and bottomed out in
him with my balls resting on the base of his spine.

Once I bottomed out in his butt, I leaned forward and pressed my mouth to
his in a deep, passionate kiss. His tongue sucked on mine so that he could
taste the flavors of his own ass. He moaned with desire for me to pound his
ass hard - and I had every intention of doing just that!

I pulled up my head and slowly started to withdraw from his sucking hole as
I did so. Ty closed his eyes and began to moan again as he felt my cock
moving out of his hole. I didn't go far, just a couple of inches. Then I
waited until he looked up, wondering what was going on, and then slammed my
cock back in until it was completely buried in his hole.

"Fuck, yeah!" he screamed. "That's the way! Fuck my hole. Pound the shit
outa my hole!"

I again withdrew slowly until I was even farther and then stopped again. I
felt him tense, he knew what was coming, but I waited just long enough for
him to start to relax again, and then pounded back into his hole like a
pile driver!

"Fuck!!!" he screamed again.

I continued to do this a few more times, each time pulling my cock farther
and farther out of his depths until only my head rested within the grip of
his sphincter. And each time I slammed my cock home into his butt with all
the strength I had. It was a mean fuck. But it was just what Ty wanted. I
could tell from the quivering of his muscles and the copious outpouring of
cock-snot from his uncut cock all over his belly.

I finally stopped the unrhythmic fucking of his butt and began stroking
with long, deep rhythmic strokes into his butt. I pounded him hard and he
took every inch of my thick cock and begged for more! To see this Marine,
this fine specimen of manhood, on his back, his legs in the air, begging
for my cock to pound his fuck-hole was more than I could take. I gave one
last deep shove into his ass and let go with my load. At the same time,
Ty's cock rose from his abs and began shooting his white load of hot slime
all over his chest without either he or I touching it.

I was lost in the pleasure of his ass muscles gripping my cock as he came,
draining my load deep into his butt. I finally stopped cumming and
collapsed on him, rubbing my chest in all the sweat, cum and hair on his
chest. I rose up a little and began to lick his load from his body, drawing
it from the hairs on his chest and further down his abs.

As I licked my way down his body, collecting his cum and sweat, my cock
slowly pulled from his hole. By the time it snapped out with a quiet 'pop',
I had his legs in the air and I was noisily sucking all my cum from his
well used ass.

I don't think Ty could quite understand what came over me. I hardly could
myself. I felt that I had really become a man with this fuck. I had
serviced my lover well, making him cum but it had been on my terms! I had
taken his ass and made it truly mine. And I could see the admiration and
love in Ty's eyes as I knelt there, his cum still dripping from my lips
that I had just sucked from his butthole.

"Come here and kiss me, lover!" Ty said, a look of hunger still in his
eyes.

I lay down full length on him and pushed my mouth against his, giving him a
taste of his own cum, ass juice and my mouth. He moaned at the taste and
held me tight to him.

"Fuck!" he exclaimed, breaking the kiss. "That was some fuck, guy! You
really got into that, didn't you! I don't think I've ever had a more
masterful fuck in my life! You can have my hole anytime you want it!" he
exclaimed.

"I know that! That ass is mine, now!" I told him.

He looked at me funny for a moment and then began to smile.

"You're fuckin' right, lover! That ass is yours! You earned it tonight!" he
said, pulling me back down on top of him.

I knew I now had earned Ty's complete respect as a man. I knew that from
now on, this relationship would be equal in a very subtle but needed way. I
wasn't a 'boy' to him. I was a man and his equal. It was what I needed to
be and what he wanted me to be. But still I wanted him to fuck me as
well. It didn't matter anymore who fucked who. We'd work that out. But I
still wanted and needed to fall asleep in his arms. I needed to feel his
strength and his size surrounding me and to smell his scent. That part of
me would probably never get enough. But that was ok as well. So, holding me
close to him, Ty and I fell deeply asleep.

That kind of set the pattern for the next few months, except for those
nights that Mom didn't go to work. She was working six nights a week, so Ty
and I didn't have to spend but one night a week apart, but that night was
very hard on both of us. It was hard after being used to being together and
then having to be apart. But Ty reminded me that if he got shipped
overseas, we could be parted for months! I became afraid of that happening,
but didn't know how to say anything to Ty. Finally it was Ty who brought it
up one night when we were laying in each other's arms after having made
love.

"They've offered me, if I re-enlist, to send me to Germany." Ty announced.

I suddenly felt like my heart had been ripped out! How could I live without
him while he went to Germany!

"How soon would you have to leave?" I asked, my voice quaking.

"Never. I told them I wasn't interested. When this enlistment is up, I'm
not staying in. I've got six months to go and then I'm getting out." Ty
said.

I was at once very relieved and very sad.

"But you love the Marine's, Ty! Why are you getting out?" I asked.

"You know why, Bri." he said, nuzzling my neck.

"Because of me?" I asked quietly.

"No. Because of 'us'." he said emphatically. "I won't leave you. You mean
too much to me. I never intended to make the Corps my life. Especially
when, if they ever found out about you and me, they'd throw me out without
a second thought! No, I don't want to live this way anymore, hiding all the
time. I love you, and I don't care who knows it. I want to live with
you. Do you understand?" he asked.

"Yes, I do. I love you so much. I don't think I could bear to be away from
you. But what are you going to do after you get out?" I asked.

"Tim, Domingo and I have been talking about that. Since we all work in the
motor pool and have all had extensive training in mechanics, Tim and
Domingo have decided to open a garage with some money that Tim's
grandfather left him. I've got some money that I've saved up and I'm going
to go in with them. At least for a while. Then maybe I'll go back to
school. And you're going to graduate next month, what are you going to do?"
he asked.

"Well, I haven't talked to you about it yet, but I have some plans. My mom
and I have been talking. I've decided that what I really want to do is to
become a nurse, just like her. The hospital offers a scholarship to nursing
school through to your RN if you'll come to work for them afterwards for
three years. It's a way for them to keep from having a nursing shortage. I
will go to school here and do my training in the hospital. What do you
think?" I asked.

"I think that's wonderful! It certainly is a profession that would seem to
fit you. You know how I'm always telling you how loving and caring you
are. Your patients are just going to love you!"  he grinned and hugged me.

"I'm glad you're happy with it. It's what I really want. Well...what I want
besides being with you!  And as a nurse, I'll make enough money that we can
afford to send you to school when you're ready to go!" I said.

"You won't mind being married to a 'grease monkey' for a while?" he
laughed.

"I wouldn't mind being married to a grease monkey forever, if that grease
monkey is you!" I promised.

"Brian, have you told your mother about us yet?" he asked.

"No. I know I should. It just never seems like the right time. I promise
I'll do it soon. If we're making these kind of plans, she really should
know." I admitted.

"Yes, she really should." Ty said, kissing me lightly on the lips.

I reached around his neck and pulled him to me. I kissed him deeply and
passionately. That was the end of talking for that night.

That conversation came back to haunt me the very next day. Mom and I were
sitting in the kitchen having coffee after she got off work. I had made
breakfast and sent Ty off to work only about an hour earlier.

"I must say," Mom said "I can't believe the changes in you over the last
few months."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Well, you seemed so lonely and lost. You weren't really interested in much
and now you're happy all the time and finally have decided what you want to
be. I must say, it's flattering that you want to be a nurse. I was afraid
for a while, you'd join the Marines because of Ty!" she laughed.

"No, I never want to join the Corps." I assured her.

"You know, you have been so happy, I could swear that you'd fallen in love!
But if you have, you've hidden her very well!" Mom laughed.

For once I didn't laugh with her. Instead, I got very red in the face. I
didn't know how to react.  Mom noticed though.

"Brian, have you fallen in love?" Mom asked, her voice serious now.

"I...ah...yes, Mom, I have." I admitted.

"Brian! That's wonderful! Who's the lucky girl? When do I get to meet her?"
Mom enthused.

I didn't say anything for a long time. I couldn't figure out how to put
this to her.

"Brian, is there something you're not telling me?" Mom asked quietly, but
her voice was filled with concern. "Brian, you know you can tell me
anything."

"I know, Mom. But this is really hard." I said.

"I don't understand, Brian. How could this be hard? You're in love! That's
a very happy thing!"  Mom said.

"Usually, it is. And, don't get me wrong, I am happy. Very happy! Happier
than I've ever been in my whole life. But, Mom...it isn't a girl." I said.

She sat there a moment, staring at me. I think it took her a while to
understand what I was saying to her.

"Brian, are you telling me that you're Gay?" Mom asked quietly. There was
no shock or judgement in her voice.

"Yes, Mom. I am. For the longest time, I thought my feelings would
change. I get interested in girls. But it never happened. And then I fell
in love and I knew that, no matter what, this is the way I was meant to
be. I can't change it. I only hope you don't hate me for it." I begged and
broke down into tears.

At this, Mom stood up and came over to me and put her arms around me.

"Brian, I could never hate you - no matter what! This must have been very
difficult for you! I'm sorry! I really had no idea!" she said, hugging me.

I put my head on her arm and got control of myself. Then I sat up again.

"Mom, please sit down. There's a lot more that you need to know." I asked
her.

She sat down and looked at me, waiting for me to begin talking.

"Mom, I've been in love for a while now. I never expected it to happen, but
it did. I've found someone that I love very deeply and I want to spend the
rest of my life with him. I love him almost more than life itself. And he
feels the same way about me. We want to build a life together.  Can you
understand that?" I asked.

"Of course I can, sweetie! I had those dreams once myself. I just hope you
have better luck with men than I did!" she smiled. "Are you going to tell
me who it is, or should I just guess?"

"Mom, you must know who it is." I said.

"My guess would have to be Ty. Right?" she asked.

"Yes, Mom. We fell in love almost the moment we met that first day." I
said.

"I'd watched you two together and it seemed like you were in love. I
thought, at first, that I was mistaken and put it out of my mind. I told
myself that you were just really good friends. I forgot that friendship was
the best way to start a relationship." she said.

"Yes, we are friends, but it goes so much deeper than that. I love him in
ways I can't even explain."

"Really, you don't have to. I truly do understand. I've been in love
myself, remember." She smiled at me and I smiled back, but then I looked
away.

"Are you disappointed in me?" I asked quietly.

"No! Why would I be?" Mom asked emphatically.

"Well, there won't be any grandchildren." I said.

"Well, I can make do without those. I just want you to be happy. Does he
make you happy, Brian?" she asked.

"I have known more happiness with Ty then I ever thought there was in the
entire world, Mom." I swore.

"Then that's the only thing that's important, Brian. All I've ever wanted
is for you to be happy. If Ty makes you happy, that's all I want. And he is
a very good looking guy!" she laughed.

"Ty is utterly beautiful! But don't ever say that to him! He hates it! He
doesn't see how beautiful he his. He keeps telling me that I'm the one
who's beautiful!" I told her.

"And he's right, Brian. You are. Oh, not just in looks, though you are a
good looking guy! But you are very beautiful inside. You are a very kind
and loving person!" she said.

"That's what Ty has been telling me ever since we met! Almost word for
word!" I marveled.

"It would seem that Ty is a very perceptive young man as well!" she smiled.

"Are you really ok with this, Mom?" I asked.

"Yes, Brian, I'm really ok with it. I guess I'll have to think of Ty in a
whole new way, however.  So what do I call him? Is he your 'lover', your
'husband', what?" she asked.

"Well..words are kind of difficult. Yes, he's my lover. We don't use the
term 'husband' except as a kind of joke, really. And he's still my
friend. You could always use that word if you're uncomfortable with
'lover'." I told her.

"Brian, I'm a grown woman and a nurse. I've seen it all. Many of my
patients have been Gay, especially with the AIDS epidemic. I've seen their
lovers taking care of them, being with them, loving them. I have learned
that what I once thought was could only happen between a man and a woman
could happen between two men. No, I don't have any trouble with the term
'lover'. But that brings up another subject. Are you and Ty being careful?"
she asked.

"We really don't need to be, Mom." I answered. "We are completely faithful
to each other. I was a virgin when I met Ty. And he, being a Marine, is
tested all the time. And he had always been careful and used protection
until he met me. I'm the first guy he's ever had unprotected sex with and
he's the first guy - and the only guy - I've ever had sex with at all." I
assured her.

"Well, that does relieve some anxiety I had. So I guess you two have been
sleeping together for a while now?" she asked.

"Ever since the night we met. The only nights we don't sleep together is
when you're off." I told her.

"Oh! I didn't realize! Of course! Well...that's going to have to stop! I
can't have you two pulled apart because of me. I want you to go right on
sleeping together whether I'm at work or not." she said with conviction.

"It has been hard." I admitted. "Not being able to sleep in his arms every
night. You aren't mad about us sleeping together are you?"

"Brian, I'm not mad about anything! I'm very happy for you. Please, believe
me, sweetie! I love Ty like a son. He seems like a wonderful young man and
I love what he's done for you! I see now why you've been so happy. I
understand why all of a sudden you became like a different Brian, the Brian
I always knew you could be! It was Ty's love that brought that out of you!"
she said and I blushed.

"Well...all the same, I think the nights that you're home, we'll sleep over
in Ty's apartment. I wouldn't want to keep you awake." I smiled.

"You wouldn't want to make love with your mother in the next room, you
mean, don't you?" she laughed.

"Well, yes, there is that!" I laughed.

"So you two always sleep here?" she asked.

"Yes. You see, in case you were to call for some reason. We didn't want you
to worry. And since Ty has to get up so early, it made things easier this
way. I fix him breakfast before he goes to the base and make dinner for you
before you get home." I told her.

"So you must be getting up at what? 5 or 6 AM?" she asked.

"Five or sometimes before." I answered.

"Well, it MUST be love! Nothing could EVER get you up that early before!"
she laughed.

"Yes, Mom, it really is. I love him. I love everything about him. And, he's
giving up the Corps for me." I told her.

"He's what!?" Mom exclaimed. "He leaving the Marines because of you?!"

"Well, he says its because of 'us'. He doesn't want to hide anymore or take
the chance of being thrown out. He and his room mates are going to open a
garage together. Ty is going to work for them while I go to school and get
my RN. Then we're going to look at him going to school." I told her.

"Well, you guys have this all planned out! But, does his room mates know
about you two?" she asked.

"Oh, yes!" I laughed. "They were the first to know! Tim and Domingo are
lovers as well. They've been together about four years now - ever since
they got out of boot camp. That's why they rented the apartment so they
would have someplace to be alone. But they couldn't afford it without
Ty. And I'm so happy they couldn't!!! If it hadn't been for that, I never
would have met Ty!" I exclaimed.

"Sweetie, I have a belief that, if it was meant to be, you would have met
Ty no matter what." she smiled.

I hugged her.

"I love you, Mom." I said.

"And I love you, Brian. I want you to be very sure of that! Nothing you've
told me, nothing you could EVER tell me will change that. Ok?" she said,
smiling at me.

"Ok!" I said, giving her a smile in return.

"Well, I guess that's enough excitement for one day. I'm going to bed! You
make sure that my new son-in-law is at dinner tonight! I want to have some
words with that boy about making my son an honest man!" she laughed.

"We only wish we could, Mom. We'd love to get married. But I don't think
we'll ever see that day." I said.

"Oh, I don't know, sweetie. The way the world is changing, you just never
know." And with that, she went off to bed.

The end of Part 5 of THE MARINE NEXT DOOR

If you like the story, please write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. Please don't
make plot suggestions as by the time you read this, the entire story has
already been written.

If you want to have a complete listing of my stories on NIFTY (the ONLY
place I post them) write me and I will gladly send it to you.

And if you're reading this on NIFTY (more especially if you're not) please
consider making a donation to the site to keep it operating and free!

Thank you,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 12)

Date: Wed, 26 Jun 2002 15:40:26 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: THE MARINE NEXT DOOR 4

Disclaimer: This is just a story. And it's about a Marine - actually
several Marines. None of them are real one, of course. Kind of a melding of
a lot of Marine's I've had the honor to have known in my life. Any
resemblance to any actual Marine is purely coincidence - but if there is, I
do wish he'd write me! Anyway, you know the drill, if you don't like sex
between males, what are you doing here? And if your Country, State,
Province, City, Town or Village won't let you read this kind of stuff -
MOVE!!! Somewhere where you can!

Oh, one more thing. This story is dedicated to my friend PUP, who just
LOVES Marines and stories about them. I hope he loves this one. And I kind
of hope it would come true for him.


THE MARINE NEXT DOOR - Part 4
by RimPig (c) 2002

It was dark when I awoke. I don't know what brought me awake, but the
moment I was, I was also aware of Ty sleeping with me. I could feel his
arms around me, the warmth of his body against me but, most of all, the
scent of him. My head was resting on his biceps and the scent of his
underarm was very apparent. Not strong or rank or anything like that. It
was the scent of Ty.  In fact, that scent surrounded me and made me feel so
very comfortable.

They say that the sense of smell is the strongest link to memory. I think
that's true. God knows, the scent of this beautiful male in my bed was
bringing back memories of last night very strongly.  So strongly that I was
very quickly hard as a rock! And after all the sex last night! I was afraid
that Ty was going to start thinking I was some kind of sex fiend or
something if this kept up!

I looked at the clock and it was already about 4:45 a.m. I didn't want to
disturb Ty. He had to be up in 45 minutes and I wanted him to have all the
sleep he could get after the night he put in. But I guess somehow he sensed
me awake because the next thing I knew, I could feel his tongue gently
licking at my neck and shoulder.

"Ty, go back to sleep. It's only a quarter to 5:00." I said quietly.

"Nah, I'd rather have breakfast." he said.

"Ok, what do you want for breakfast?" I asked.

"You."

And with that, he rose up over me and pushed me onto my back. His body
covered mine and he began to deeply kiss me. I put my arms around him and
then wrapped my legs around his hips.

"No way. You're too sore to be fucked this morning!" he said, pulling out
of the kiss.

"Oh, I forgot." I said. I would have done it anyway. I would have let him
fuck me - pain or no pain.

"No, I have something a little more nutritious in mind. Like an injection
of protein." he said.

"Huh?"

"I take it that you are not aware that cum is almost 98% protein. Very
nutritious." he laughed.

And saying so, he rose up and with a maneuver that was almost too quick for
me to see, spun himself around over me and was swallowing my cock deep into
his throat! His own cock dangled over my face as hard as my own. I reached
up, stroked it and pulled it down to my lips. I began sucking him as I felt
the incredible warmth and wetness of his mouth surrounding me. He pushed
into my mouth and I swallowed just as I had done last night and his cock
was soon buried completely in my throat and his balls were resting on my
nose. A most interesting view!

We attacked each other's cock with passion and in only a few minutes, we
were getting those hot, wet injections of each other's 'protein'. It was,
without doubt, the best 'breakfast' I'd ever had in my whole life!

Once we had come, of course, the next thing that hit both of us was that we
had to piss! We ran to the bathroom and Ty started the shower. I guess we
were going to have to piss in the shower because we were both still hard
and didn't want to have to wait for our piss-hards to go down.  We stood
there letting our piss fly with Ty grinning at me.

"Seem to have cured you of being pee-shy." he said.

"I could pee in front of the Pope right now!" I answered. "As bad as I
needed to piss!"

Ty laughed at this as we quickly grabbed the soap and began to clean each
other. We didn't dawdle in the shower like we had done last night but
instead wanted to leave time to be together before Ty had to leave.

As soon as I was dry. I let Ty put on his clothes and I went to the kitchen
and plugged in the coffee. By the time he came out, it was brewing.

"Why don't you go change and get ready to go and then come back and I'll
have some breakfast for you. How do you like your eggs?" I asked.

"Bri, you don't have to cook me breakfast." he said.

"I know I don't. That's why I want to do it. While you're at it, tell those
two other Jarheads you room with to bring their butts over here as
well. I'll make eggs and bacon for all of us. And you might as well explain
what's going on while you're at it." I said.

He came over and took me in his arms and kissed me hard.

"Ok. I give in. God! I love you so much!" he grinned. "I'll be right back
with the guys."

I put on some bacon and some frozen hash browns. In about 20 minutes there
was a knock at the door and in trooped three, very 'squared away' Marines
in their olive green utility uniforms.  Domingo and Tim looked at me with
shy smiles on their faces. I looked back wondering what was up.

"Ok, you two, what gives?" I asked.

They looked at Ty before answering, who nodded to them.

"Well..." Tim started to answer.

"We just can't believe that this fucking Jarhead was lucky enough to snag
you!" Domingo finished.

I smiled and walked over to Domingo. I put my arms around him and kissed
him on the cheek.

"I think I was the lucky one to snag him, but thanks, Domingo." I said and
turned to Tim.

I hugged him as well and kissed him on the cheek. Then I went over to Ty
who took me in his arms and planted a huge wet kiss on my mouth while
Domingo and Tim stood there and yelled "Hoo-Rah!!!"

I turned to them with my face hot from blushing.

"Ok, you two, how do you want your eggs!" I said.

We sat down and had a quick breakfast and then they all got up to go. Ty
took me in his arms again and held me.

"I hate to leave you with this mess to clean up." he said.

"It's no bother. Don't worry about it. You just get to work." I said. "I'll
see you when you get back?" I asked.

"The minute I get back! I promise!" Ty said.

And then they left.

Since it was now almost 6:30 a.m. and Mom would be getting home soon, I
just cleaned up from breakfast and began warming up what was left of last
night's dinner for her. As I was setting the table, I heard her key in the
door.

"Hey! Sweetie! What are you doing up so early?" she asked.

"I figured you'd need food after pulling that double and I didn't want you
to have to fix it yourself." I lied, covering up the real reason I was "up"
this morning.

"Well, I'm certainly grateful! Yes, it was a very long day and I'm
starved. I've been looking forward to the 'London Broil ala Brian' all
night!" she laughed.

"Well, sit down and dig in." I told her.

I went to the kitchen and got another cup of coffee and sat down with her.

"So, how did your dinner with the Marine Corps go last night? Were they
suitably impressed?"  she asked.

"You could say that, yes! They loved the food. You've got to meet them,
Mom. They are great guys. Especially one. His name is Ty and he's a
Corporal." I said.

"This is really good, honey." she said, smiling at me and taking another
bite of the food.

She seemed to be looking at me rather closely, almost searching my face for
something.

"Well, whoever these Marines are, they certainly have made a good
impression on you! I don't think I've seen you looking this happy in a long
time! Why, you almost are 'glowing'! If you were a daughter, I'd be asking
you when the baby was due!" Mom laughed.

I laughed as well, but looked down because I could feel my face turning as
red as a beet.

"It's Ok, honey. I'm glad. I was really starting to worry that this move
had been a terrible mistake. You seemed so unhappy." she said, reaching out
and putting her hand on mine.

"No, Mom. I think this move was the best thing we've ever done. Believe
me!" I swore to her.  Without this move, I'd never have met Ty! But I
couldn't tell her that. Not yet.

"So what are you going to do today?" she asked.

"Well, first thing is, I figured I'd get out of here so you can get some
sleep. I figured I'd go down to the beach and swim some." I said.

"That's sounds wonderful. Maybe one of these days I'll be able to make it
down there myself."  Mom said ruefully. "If I can ever get off from work,
that is!"

"Uhh, Mom" I said. "I really want you to meet the guys. Ty said they'll be
back around 5:00 p.m.  I figure you have to go to work at 7:00 p.m.?" I
asked.

"Actually, I'm going in at 11:00 p.m. tonight. I'm going on the night
shift. I've been promoted to charge nurse on the floor and the night shift
has an additional differential add to the hourly wage.  And we can use the
money." she said.

"That's great, Mom!" I said excitedly.

I was really good news for Mom. But better news for me! This meant that Ty
could sleep with me every night! I couldn't believe my luck!

"I'm glad you're happy about it. I don't like leaving you here alone all
night all the time. I worry about you being alone." she said.

"Mom, I'm 18, for God's sake! I can spend the night alone. Besides, with
the guys next door, I don't think we're going to have to worry about
anything!" I said.

"Well, you could be right there!" she laughed.

Mom finished eating and I cleaned up the kitchen while she got ready for
bed. I kissed her goodnight and grabbed my backpack and headed for the
beach.

The beach was beautiful and not crowded that time of morning. I swam for a
couple of hours and then kind of walked around town for a while. I stopped
and got a late lunch and finally walked back home. I was about 2:00
p.m. when I got in.

I had only been home about half an hour when the phone rang. I answered it
and it was Ty!

"Hey, lover, remember me?" he said. I could hear his grin in his voice.

"Well, I do remember this kind of tall Marine who took advantage of me last
night!" I laughed.

"Hey! Who took advantage of who?!" he laughed.

"Ty! I've got the best news!" I said.

"Oh, God! You're pregnant!" he joked.

"No! Better than that!" I said.

"What?"

"My Mom got a promotion which has put her on the night shift! She'll be
working from 11:00 p.m until 7:00 a.m.!" I told him.

"Which means..." he played dumb.

"Which means a certain Marine can spend the night in my bed almost every
night. If he still wants to." I said quietly.

"HOO!! RAH!!!" I heard screamed through the phone. I had to hold the
receiver away from my ear he was yelling so loud!

"Well, I guess that somehow makes you happy?" I asked.

"It makes me incredibly happy and you fucking know it! Aren't you?" he
asked.

"Yes, of course I am! I didn't know how we were going to arrange it
otherwise. After last night, I don't want to ever sleep without you holding
me again!" I swore to him.

"Then we have exactly the same feeling, Bri. Trust me!" he said.

"I do. I do trust you, Ty. And I love you. I love you very, very much." I
swore to him.

"And I love you just as much, Bri. Listen, babe, I gotta go. I just wanted
to hear your voice. I'll be home soon, ok?" he said.

"Yes, Ok, Ty. I'll see you when you get here." I said.

I hung up the phone and went and lay down for a nap. I figured I'd better
sleep while I could. I didn't think I'd be getting all that much sleep
tonight, if last night was any indication. I didn't sleep long. I got up
about an hour and a half later. Ty would be home soon and Mom would also be
getting up. I figured I wanted to make breakfast for her. And maybe make
dinner for Ty and me. I decided I could make one meal work for both so I
went to the kitchen to make sure that all the things I needed were there. I
put on another pot of coffee and it had just perked when I heard a soft
knock at the door. I opened it and there stood Ty. My heart leaped at the
sight of him.

"Hey, Bri. Is your Mom around?" he asked quietly.

"No, she's still asleep." I said.

He stepped inside the apartment and closed the door. As soon as he was
inside he grabbed me in his strong arms and kissed me deeply. I wrapped my
arms around him and was lost in the taste and the scent of him. My cock got
instantly hard in my jeans and I could feel Ty's hand slip down and rubbed
his palm against my crotch, pressing my cock and causing me to moan into
his mouth as he continued to kiss me.

"Please stop that or I'm going to cum right in my jeans!" I begged Ty,
pulling my mouth away from him.

"Well, then we'd better go over to my place because I've gone all day
without you and I can't wait any longer to get my hands all over you!" he
said, his voice low and with almost a growl in it. This was one horny
Marine and he wasn't about to be denied.

And I was not about to deny him - or myself! I left a note for Mom about
where I was and Ty's cell phone number so she could let me know when she
got up. I wanted her to meet Ty as soon as possible. I knew she'd like him
and I wanted her to feel comfortable about me spending time with him.

We went over to Ty's apartment. There was quite a difference from
yesterday! Everything was squared away and very clean. The apartment was
rather spartan in appearance, but was definitely the home of three
Marines. The only decoration on the walls was a large red flag with the
USMC symbol in gold in the center.

I didn't get to really look around because Ty had me by the hand and
dragging me towards his bedroom. I could hear moans coming from behind the
closed door of the other bedroom. I looked at Ty and smiled. He stopped and
listened.

"See what I've had to put up with! They go at it like rabbits all the
time!" he grinned.

"And we don't?" I grinned back.

"No, but we're going to!"

And saying this, he picked me up in his arms again and pushed open he door
to his bedroom. He gently deposited me on his bed which was much larger
than mine. It was covered with a beautiful quilt that was obviously
home-made. He stood there just looking down at me, drinking in my body. I
smiled up at him.

"Like what you see?" I asked, returning his own words last night.

"I love what I see." he said, his eyes betraying very strong emotion.

"And I love what I see. But I'd love it more without all that green
covering." I said.

Ty quickly removed his uniform until he was standing at the foot of the bed
- gloriously, beautifully naked. I started to take of my own clothing but
Ty stopped me.

"Don't!" he said in his very authoritative voice. "I want to do that."

Believe me! I stopped right there and lay back, spreading myself out and
waited for him to touch me. He knelt on the bed and reached for my t-shirt,
pulling it out of my jeans until my flat stomach was revealed. He bent over
and began kissing and licking all over my belly and shoving his tongue into
my navel. At the same time, he was pushing up the shirt until he bared my
chest. His tongue moved up my stomach until he reached my nipples. He
licked, sucked and bit each one, gathering moans from me at each thing he
did. He then straddled me and pulled my shirt off over my head.  He kept my
hands above my head while he lay back down on top of me.

He shove his nose into my armpit and began to breathe deeply of my scent
there.

"You've been swimming." he murmured. "I can smell the sea salt on you."  I
was amazed at the sensitivity he had to my smell. I thought I had washed
off all the salt from my body after swimming under the shower at the beach.

"I guess I'd better never cheat on you! You'd smell another guy on me!" I
laughed.

He came out of my pit and looked me right in the eyes. He was not
laughing. His eyes were very serious. Oh shit! Now I've done it!

"Yes, I probably would. And I don't know how I would deal with that. I
would be ok with it, I think, if I knew about it before hand or especially
if I was there when it happened. But you have no need to ever go behind my
back, Bri. If you want to make it with another guy, just tell me.  Ok?" he
said.

I could tell that this was very difficult for him. I had been only
joking. I didn't want anyone else but him. But after our conversation last
night, I understood his feeling about this.

"You've been thinking about this, haven't you?" I asked.

"Yes. I thought about it. I still don't think it's fair to ask you to give
up ever having sex with someone else. I mean, you've never had the chance
to.  But it's been hard thinking about it." he admitted.

"Ty, I don't want anyone but you. And if I ever do, I will talk to you
about it first. I promise. But you have to promise the same thing because I
have problems with thinking about you being with someone else, too. I mean,
I thought about what you said last night. I do trust you. I couldn't love
you otherwise. I will promise you this. You are the only man that I ever
want to love." I swore to him.

"Bri, that's enough for me. As long as I know you love me, I can get
through anything." he said.  "And I want you to know, there is no one else
in this world that I love or ever could love as much as you."

"That's enough for me. To know that you love me is beyond any dream I ever
had." I said, reaching up and pulling him down to my mouth.

I kissed him deeply, tasting the salt from my body on his lips. He broke
the kiss and moved on to my other arm pit. I had lost my hardon during this
discussion and I could feel it coming back, quickly and strongly. I could
also feel his reawakening against me. I writhed under his oral assault on
my pit, the feelings were so intense. He moved down to unbutton my jeans
when all of a sudden, his cell phone rang.

We looked at each other.

"Fuck it!" he said and went back to my jeans.

"No! Ty! It could be my Mom! Remember we left the number." I pleaded.

"Oh! Fuck! I forgot." he said and got off the bed and grabbed the cell
phone.

"Hello." Ty said. "Yes, I'm Ty. Yes. Brian's right here." and he handed me
the cell phone.

"Mom?" I said into the phone.

"Brian, I just got up and got your note. I just wanted to let you
know. What did you have planned?" she asked.

"I wanted to fix dinner for Ty and me and breakfast for you, I guess before
you have to go to work." I replied.

"That's fine, sweetie. But you don't have to go to all that trouble to fix
two meals. I'll just eat whatever you guys are having. So when do I get to
meet this guy?" she laughed.

"The meal isn't a problem. I'm going to do Eggs Benedict, so it will work
out fine for either dinner or breakfast. When do you want to meet him? We
could come over now." I said.

"Good heavens, no! I just woke up and I look a fright. Give me an hour or
so to drink some coffee and put myself together!" she begged.

"No problem. We'll see you then." I said.

"Ok, sweetie. Have a good time." and she hung up.

I started laughing. I couldn't help myself! I was practically rolling on
the bed with laughter. Ty stood there watching me and then pounced on top
of me on the bed.

"And what the fuck do you find so funny?" he asked, grinning at me.

"My mom! She just told me to have a 'good time'!" I laughed.

"Well, we'll just have to see you do what you're Mom tells you!" he
grinned.

He pushed me back on the bed and continued where we'd left off. He took off
my jeans and I was spread out before him naked. He got on the bed between
my legs and buried his face in my crotch.  I could hear him taking deep
breaths and knew he was getting off on my scent. He began to lick my balls
and I started moaning. My cock, which had never gone soft - even during my
conversation with Mom, now was so hard it was dripping pre-cum onto my
abs. I thought Ty would pay it some attention, but rather than moving from
my balls up to my cock, he went the other direction. His tongue began to
lick below my balls to that very sensitive patch of skin between my balls
and my ass. I began moaning louder.

He pushed my legs up and continued licking into my ass trench. I was still
sore there from losing my virginity to him the night before. I gently and
carefully licked my hole and the massage of his wet tongue against it and
soothed the soreness. I moaned at the touch of his tongue and suddenly had
a tremendous craving to have him inside me again.

"Oh, yeah! Ty! Eat my ass! God! Fuck me! Please, Ty, fuck me!" I begged.

He looked up from between my legs, his face a mask of naked lust.

"I want to so bad, Bri! But it will hurt if I do!" he seemed to be pleading
with me not to beg him.  His resolve to let my butt heal was evidently not
all that strong, now that he'd had a taste of my butt.

"It's going to be sore anyway! I want it so bad! Please, Ty! I want to feel
you inside me again!  Please!" I moaned.

He didn't say anything for a few moments, just looked at me. Then I could
see he'd made a decision. He lowered my legs and got off the bed. He went
to his bedside table and rummaged around in it for a moment. He pulled out
a small bottle of lube and came back to the bed. He got down between my
legs again and pushed them up and back.

"Here, hold your legs back so that I can get you lubed up. We're going to
take this very slowly and carefully. I don't want to hurt you." he said.

'YESSSS!!!!' I thought to myself. I wanted so badly to feel him inside me,
to feel that joining of our bodies becoming one. I had never known anything
that could feel so fulfilling.

Ty began to carefully lube my opening. He put plenty of the cool gel on the
area around my hole and then gently began to insert one finger inside me. I
was sore and at first, my sphincter locked around his finger from the
pain. But gradually it relaxed and allowed him to work his finger inside me
fully. He removed it slowly and put the spout of the bottle of lube right
inside my hole and squeezed a fair amount into it. He then gently pushed
his finger back inside. This time, it slid in easily and he was able to
slide it in and out until I was moaning at the good feelings he was
creating.

I had relaxed to the point where he then put two heavily lubed fingers
inside me. Again, my ass reacted to the size of the intrusion and he again
added more lube up inside me. Gradually, he worked the two fingers inside
until he could reach my butt-nut with them and began to massage it.  I was
moaning and leaking pre-cum from my cock and begging him to fuck me. He
took me at my word and then next thing I felt was the skinned-back head of
his cock at the entrance to my body.  Ty leaned down over me, catching my
legs on his upper arms and kissed me passionately. He forced his tongue
into my mouth until I thought it would go down my throat and I was sucking
on it when he slowly began to push his cock into my ass.

As his cock pushed past the opening, there was a moment of searing, hot
pain and I moaned. But as soon as the head made it past that point, my ass
seemed to open completely to him. It was like my ass remembered his cock
and welcomed it once again. Ty bottomed out in my butt and just held there,
making sure I was used to having him inside me again before going on. He
pulled back from the kiss and looked deep into my eyes.

"Are you ok?" he asked tenderly.

"I'm more than ok." I answered and rose up and kissed him on the tip of his
nose.

He gave a small laugh.

"Just remember, you wanted this, so when you can't sit down later, don't
blame me!" he joked.

"I know. I did want this. But tell me you didn't want it, too! I certainly
didn't have to do much to convince you!" I said.

"You never have to convince me to make love to you. It's something I want
to do all of the time."  He said, burying his face in my neck and nibbling
the skin there.

I cried out and he began to move his hips in and out, dragging his cock
against my prostate and through my inflamed hole. I didn't care. Whatever
pain there was quickly turned to pleasure as his cock pounded in and out of
my ass. Within moments, we were both moaning at the intense feelings that
we were experiencing.

Ty was so horny and my ass was so sensitive that almost before either of us
was prepared for it, Ty's cock was pouring cum deep into my ass and my
spasming cock was shooting amazing amounts of cum between our
bodies. Shudders went through my body at the intensity of the orgasm that
Ty's fucking had caused and I continued to quake in his arms long after I'd
stopped cumming.

Finally I relaxed and Ty's softening cock slipped from my well-used
hole. Yes, it was sore again, but not nearly as sore as I expected. It
helped that Ty, once again, went down between my legs and licked and sucked
around my just fucked hole, sucking out his load from my butt. He moved
back up over me and shared his cum from my ass with me in a deep
kiss. Finally he rolled off me and pulled me close to him with my head
resting against his chest.

We didn't say anything for a very long time, just lay there basking in the
after-glow of our lovemaking and feeling the nearness of each other. There
were no words and no need of words. I think I was the happiest I can ever
remember being in my life at that moment. I never wanted it to end. I just
wanted to spend the rest of my life laying there in Ty's arms. But, of
course, life does go on and after a while, Ty said to me.

"I guess we'd better take a shower so that your Mom doesn't smell sex on us
when she meets me.  I don't know how she'd take the fact that I was just
fucking her little boy less than half an hour ago." he said.

"I think she will eventually understand us making love." I said. "After
all, she had me, didn't she?"

"Well, yes. But that's something entirely different." he said.

"How? Making love is making love!" I argued.

"Oh, I couldn't agree more. But straight people tend not to see it that
way. They think that what they do is superior to us. Some of them even
think we are not capable of making love at all. They don't believe that
there could be love between two males. And even if it was possible, to them
it would be inferior to the love between a man and a woman." Ty explained.

"The Greeks didn't feel that way." I said.

"What do you mean?" Ty asked.

"I've been reading about them in the last year. When I finally figured out
that I was Gay, I started doing research about the history of
homosexuality. It seems that in the ancient Greek culture, they believed
that the highest form of love was that between two male friends. Now,
there's some argument among scholars as to whether those 'friends' were
lovers as well, but it's pretty safe to bet they were from other
evidence. It seems they married because it was their duty to have children
but it was their male lovers to whom they were the most loyal." I told him.

"That's fascinating. Kind of a reversal of the way things are today." he
said.

"Exactly. But there's something more interesting in history and this should
be especially interesting to you, being a Marine." I said.

"What's being a Marine have to do with it?" he asked.

"Would you believe that at one time, the most valiant, the most feared
fighting force in all the world was an army made up of Gay lovers?" I said
intriguingly.

"You're kidding, right?" he asked askance at my words.

"Nope! Not kidding at all. It was called the Sacred Band of Thebes. 150
pairs of lovers sworn to conquer or die together! They gave Sparta their
first defeat in over 400 years. The idea of their creation was that no man
would dishonor himself by cowardice in front of his lover." I told him.

"So what happened to them?" he asked, really interested now.

"They were finally defeated by Phillip of Macedon, the father of Alexander
the Great, at Chaeronea in 338 BCE. Supposedly they were all killed to a
man. Phillip was said to have wept at their bravery and allowed a monument,
a seated lion, to be erected over their graves which still exists
today. Interestingly enough, it was Alexander's regiment which defeated and
killed them.  And Alexander was Gay himself." I informed him.

"I'd heard that somewhere. Was that really true?" he asked.

"Yes. Alexander the Great, the greatest conqueror of all history, was
Gay. He had a lover named Hephaestion who died eight months before
Alexander. There is some speculation that Alexander's grief over
Hephaestion's death led to his own." I told him.

"How did you learn all this stuff? This is amazing! I never knew that there
were Gay men in history that you could look up to!" Ty admitted.

"I used the internet a lot. There's a lot of information out there. I was
interested. I even thought of majoring in history in college." I said.

"I think you should! You seem to have an interest in it." Ty told me.

"Well...I did it because I felt so alone. Like I was the only Gay guy in
the whole world. There was nobody to talk to about it, nobody to tell me
that I wasn't crazy. So I went looking around for something - anything! -
that would tell me about myself." I said.

"I know what you mean. I felt like that, too. There was nobody in the
little town where I grew up that was openly Gay. Oh, there were plenty of
guys playing around, sucking each other's cocks and fucking each other's
ass but nobody admitted to anything! I knew I wasn't the only one who liked
to do those things. But I thought I was the only one who wanted something
more than that.  I wanted a relationship with a guy. I wanted to be
'married'. But I didn't know how that would work with another guy. I didn't
even know it could work with another guy! It wasn't until I got out of
boot-camp and started exploring and starting to meet other guys that I
found out about lovers. Then I found out about Domingo and Tim." he said.

"Have they been lovers long?" I asked.

"Ever since we were in boot-camp together. With them, it was kind of like
you and me. One look and BAM! They were in love with each other. But it was
more difficult for them. They had to finish boot-camp before they ever were
able to be alone together long enough to have sex. And I guess that early
deprivation really affected them because they've been fucking like bunnies
ever since!" he laughed.

"We've been fucking like bunnies since we met! What's our excuse?" I
grinned at him.

"Your so much fucking cuter than Domingo or Tim! I can't keep my fucking
hands off you!" he said, grabbing me and kissing me deeply.

"Don't you think we'd better get a shower and go over and meet my Mom?" I
asked, breaking the kiss.

"I'd rather stay in bed and molest you! But I suppose you're right." Ty
sulked.

"Come on. You can molest me again after she leaves for work. Besides, I've
got to go and start cooking dinner or you won't get fed." I warned
him. "And before you say it, No! You can't just eat me!" I giggled.

Ty laughed and then grabbed me in his arms, picked me up and carried me
into the shower. We didn't mess around much. Oh, of course we had to do a
lot of touching of each other's body but we did try to hurry. When we got
out of the shower, I suggested to Ty that, for this first meeting, he wear
his fatigues. I wanted to clearly establish that Ty was a Marine, just like
her father - the grandfather I never knew.

Looking at each other, once we were dressed, I smiled at Ty and he smiled
back.

"I guess it's now or never." he said.

But then he took me in his arms and kissed me.

"That's going to have do you until tonight." he smiled.

"It's barely going to do me until we get to my apartment! But I'll suffer
through!" I grinned.

And I led the way to the door of my apartment and Ty's first meeting with
Mom.

The end of Part 4 of THE MARINE NEXT DOOR

If you like the story, please write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. Please don't
make plot suggestions as by the time you read this, the entire story has
already been written.

If you want to have a complete listing of my stories on NIFTY (the ONLY
place I post them) write me and I will gladly send it to you.

And if you're reading this on NIFTY (more especially if you're not) please
consider making a donation to the site to keep it operating and free!

Thank you,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 13)

Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2002 14:39:35 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: THE MARINE NEXT DOOR 3

Disclaimer: This is just a story. And it's about a Marine - actually
several Marines. None of them are real one, of course. Kind of a melding of
a lot of Marine's I've had the honor to have known in my life. Any
resemblance to any actual Marine is purely coincidence - but if there is, I
do wish he'd write me! Anyway, you know the drill, if you don't like sex
between males, what are you doing here? And if your Country, State,
Province, City, Town or Village won't let you read this kind of stuff -
MOVE!!! Somewhere where you can!

Oh, one more thing. This story is dedicated to my friend PUP, who just
LOVES Marines and stories about them. I hope he loves this one. And I kind
of hope it would come true for him.


THE MARINE NEXT DOOR - Part 3
by RimPig (c) 2002

Ty rolled over on his back and I got over him. I kissed his lips and
quickly began moving down his body. Now was my turn to give him all the
good feelings he'd been giving me for the last couple of hours. I licked at
his neck and moved down to his hairy chest. He had been sweating heavily
from all the work he'd been doing - like fucking me! So I was having a
salty feast on his sweaty skin as well as a feast for my nose on his scent!

I began by sucking on one of his nipples. I also used my teeth lightly the
way he had done to me.  He was soon moaning just like I did. That's the
great thing about making love to another guy! If you like it, he probably
will, too. So you don't have a whole lot to figure out about how to make
love to him and have him love it. You can concentrate on what you're doing
and the you can judge by his reactions as to how much you're turning him
on. Plus, you only have to feel or look at his cock and you'll get a really
good idea as well! So I wasn't the least bit afraid that I couldn't give Ty
pleasure. I just wanted to make sure he got as much as I had - if not more.

I chewed pretty good on both his nipples and then moved up to attack his
pits. Ok, I'll admit it. I was following the game plan he'd used on me. But
it worked really good! Why fuck with success?  Anyway, I now had the chance
to shove my nose in his pit and REALLY get my nose full of his sweaty
scent. I swear his scent was so incredibly powerful to me that I thought I
would pass out at the desire it arose in me! Did I want to fuck him? God! I
wanted to fuck him so bad it almost hurt! I was truly beginning to
understand. I buried my face into his pit and soaked it with my spit as I
licked all the soft hair their and tried to taste every molecule of his
sweat and scent I found there.

I moved down his chest again and let my tongue trace the indentation of
each of his tight abdominal muscles which formed the distinctive 'six-pack'
I found there. I, too, stopped on my way to his groin to lick out his belly
button. I found there some sweat and what tasted like pre- cum. I wondered
who's? His or mine? Not that it mattered. But he moaned when I did it and I
filed that bit of information away for another time.

I moved down and buried my face in his pubic hair. It was soft and very
fragrant. Not only his scent but I caught the scent of my ass as well from
our earlier fuck. I licked through the hair tasting the sweat and making
his groin wet with my saliva.

Next, I moved down to his balls. They lay in a nest of dark golden hair, so
beautifully formed and so incredibly pungent in scent. I pushed my nose
against them and inhaled mightily. The smell of Ty rose in my nose and I
was quickly dripping pre-cum in a steady stream. I think I could have cum
just from sniffing his balls! But the taste of his salty nuts was beyond
anything I had ever dreamed of. The very essence of maleness - the 'family
jewels' - were beyond description in taste to me. I tried to memorize the
taste and smell of Ty' balls because they were Ty!

Above my eyes, I could see his cock. It stood majestically above his groin
and I could see pre- cum running down the side of it and coating the
surface making it shine in the soft light of my bedside lamp. I licked that
trail of pre-cum to the source, the inside of the hood of Ty's foreskin. I
lapped out all of the sweet fluid I could find and dug my tongue in between
the head of his cock and the foreskin for more. I gradually pushed his
foreskin back with my lips while licking the wet head of his cock. He was
moaning at my actions and I thrilled to each verbal indication of my
ability to give him pleasure.

As I pushed his hood down past the head of his cock and then pulled it the
rest of the way down with my hand, I discovered that there was evidently
the beginning of some head-cheese under the rim because my nose detected
the slight odor of it. I licked under the rim of his cock-head and tasted
something entirely male in it's flavor and thrilling to me. I decided it
was time for me to do the one thing I wanted most - I wanted to suck Ty's
cock. I'd never had a cock in my mouth before, but it didn't matter. I had
dreamed for too long what to do. I knew, instinctively to protect his cock
from my teeth and I carefully began to push my head down and to swallow
more and more of his weapon. It felt and tasted so good in my mouth! God!
No wonder guys loved to do this to each other! It was so satisfying! I got
a little carried away and pushed down too far. Ty's cock hit the back of my
throat and triggered my gag reflex.

"Easy, babe. Take it slow. You don't have to choke on it." I could hear
Ty's voice quietly encouraging me while his hand brushed through my hair.

I pulled back, but I was determined that I was going to take his cock in my
throat. I don't know why I wanted to do that. I'd never heard of
deep-throating before that night. But there was like this itch, this
hunger, in me - like the same hunger and itch I had in my ass to take his
cock inside me!

I moved back down his cock and, again, it hit the back of my throat. My
mouth was pretty full of saliva by this point so I tried to swallow some of
it. In doing so, suddenly I could feel Ty's cock moving past my gag reflex,
past the opening of my throat and deep inside. I tried to swallow again,
and suddenly found my nose resting on his balls with his entire cock buried
in my throat. I could feel the muscles there tensing and releasing around
this 'intruder'. I quickly figured out that this was doing incredible
things to Ty. His moans became very loud!

I pulled back as I could not breathe and gathered breath for another
assault on Ty's cock. Again, going down on it and swallowing, I was able to
take his cock into my throat with no problems whatever. The sense of
fullness was as emotionally satisfying as the physical aspects of what I
was doing. Ty was 'inside' me again! A different entrance to my body, but
the same end result! Ty's moans told me that he was getting close to
cumming. I wanted that! I wanted him to cum in my mouth! I wanted to taste
his seed and take it deep inside me. One more dive onto his hard cock,
taking it completely down my throat to the root, was all it took. Suddenly
Ty was bucking his hips up, driving his cock even farther into my throat
and I could feel the pulsing of his cock and his own vocalization of his
pleasure.

"God! Yes!!! Take it, Bri! Take my load!" he screamed as he shot what
seemed like gallons of cum down my eager throat.

I pulled back some to be able to taste his load. I got plenty because Ty
continued to shoot his hot cum for a long time. I swallowed several heavy
loads of cum before deciding to save some in my mouth to share with him, as
he had shared mine with me.

As he settled down and the last of his cum dribbled into my mouth, I pulled
off his cock and swung around in the bed. I put my lips on his and allowed
his cum to slide from my mouth to his.  He drank it down and then swabbed
out my mouth with his tongue to get whatever was left.  The kiss continued
and he pulled me over onto the bed on my side and pulled me close to his
body.

"No one has ever been able to deep throat me like that before! Where the
fuck did you learn to do that?" Ty asked, his voice filled with amazement.

"Just now. I don't know how it happened. I just swallowed and it happened!"
I told him. "I've never even had a cock in my mouth before. I swear!"

"I believe you! I'm just so fucking amazed! You have no idea how good that
felt!" he said as he grinned down at me.

"Well...I have some idea. I can still taste it!" I grinned back.

"You know, you were supposed to fuck me - not get me off with your mouth."
he laughed.

"Sorry, I got side-tracked. Besides, I've wanted to do that since the
moment I saw you. I couldn't resist. And, trust me, if you can still take
it, I do want to fuck you! God! I want to fuck you really bad!" I said,
pushing my hard cock against him.

"Hmm. I can feel that!" he grinned. "Do you want to do it right now, or do
you want to take a breather for a while?"

"I guess after that, you need one and, I guess, I could use one too." I
admitted.

"Good! So get your ass out of bed. I need a beer!" He said, jumping up and
standing on the floor at the foot of my bed.

"Do I have to?" I whined, as a joke.

"Yeah! You have to!" Ty said.

And saying so, he grabbed my hand and easily pulled me up. Then he dipped
his shoulder, pulled on my arm and right over his shoulder in a 'fireman's
carry'. I suddenly found my self hanging down his back with a perfect view
of his magnificent ass!

He carried me, both of us laughing, from the bedroom to the kitchen with me
reaching down and swatting his ass with my hand as we went. He then
deposited me in a kitchen chair and went to the fridge for another beer.

"You know, you keep carrying me and I'm going to forget how to walk!" I
laughed.

"You don't mind, do you?" he looked at me with a crestfallen look on his
face.

"No! Of course not! I love the feeling of your arms around me like that!
When you lifted me up and put me in bed, it was like...well...it was like
the Dad I never had." I said sheepishly, somewhat embarrassed about telling
him this secret fantasy of mine.

I looked up, and Ty was looking at me with a tender smile on his face.

"I always wanted a younger brother. I have two older ones, but I wanted
somebody I could teach and protect. But I was the last of the kids. I hope
you don't mind, but somehow with you, I feel like you are that younger
brother, along with a lover. Does that bother you?" he asked.

"No! I always wished that I'd had an older brother. Growing up alone is
very lonely at times." I told him. "Especially when it's just you and your
mom and she has to work."

"Well, let me tell you! Growing up with older brothers isn't always so
wonderful! I mean, I love my brothers, but they really made my life hell
when I was growing up. When they could get away with it, I was their slave
- having to do all the chores they didn't want to do. And we were poor, so
I never really got anything of my own that was new. I wore their
'hand-me-down' clothes and played with toys they'd either grown out of or
tired of. I promised myself that if I did get a younger brother, I would
never treat him that way. But it never happened." Ty sighed.

I got up from my chair and walked around the table to him. I put my arms
around him and literally sat down in his lap, like a little kid.

"Then I'll be that little brother you never had." I said, putting my head
against his chest.

He put his hand on my head and began stroking my hair and running his
fingers through it.

"And I'll try to be like that older brother you always wanted." he said,
leaning down to kiss my hair.

We just sat there like that for a while. I could hear his heart beating
with my ear against his chest.  It was strong and regular. But with his
arms around me and the smell and feel of his body, I'm sure mine was
beating a lot faster! I had never felt so loved and safe and secure in my
life!  Well...maybe as a baby when my Mom held me, but I don't remember
that.

I looked over at the remains of dinner still on the dining room table.

"I guess I'd better clean up from dinner before Mom gets home." I said.

"What time does she get home?" Ty asked.

"When she pulls a double, usually sometime between 7:30 and 8." I replied.

"Then let me help get this place cleaned up! I don't want her getting mad
at you or anything." he said.

I got down off his lap and stood next to him. I looked down into his eyes.

"She's not going to be angry with me. Mom's not like that. She knows you
guys were going to have dinner with me tonight. We talked about it on the
phone when she called to tell me she wouldn't be home." I told him.

"Wasn't she worried about you spending time with three Marines?" he
laughed.

"No, actually, she was worried about me having the new neighbors over for
dinner until she found out that you were Marines! That calmed her down
right away." I told him.

"She obviously has never had any contact with anybody in the Corps!" he
laughed.

"Actually, she has. Her Dad was a Marine. He was in World War II, Korea and
he was killed in Viet Nam. So she has a soft spot for Marine's. You'll
see!" I said.

"I wonder how soft that spot will be when she finds out one of them is
fucking her son?" Ty said quietly.

"I don't know how she'll feel about that. I don't know how she'll feel
about me being Gay. I haven't come out to her yet. I haven't come out to
anybody. For the longest time, I thought my feelings would change, but it
never happened. And I don't see that they ever could now." I told Ty.

"Yeah, I used to think that, too. It was tough hiding it from my family. My
brothers were both dating and the oldest one already got married. One of
the reasons I joined the Corps was so they wouldn't be around to ask
questions about who I was dating or when I was going to get married." he
replied.

"Well, we won't have to worry about your parents, but there is my Mom. At
least, for the time being, I really don't want to have to tell her. I do
want her to get to know you, though. I hope that she'll like you as much as
I do and maybe that will help her understand why I'm in love with you." I
said putting my hand around the back of his neck and gently massaging the
muscles there.  I just couldn't seem to keep my hands off his beautiful
body.

"I think that sounds like a really good plan. Of course, it means I'll have
to be on my best behavior!" he laughed.

"Gee, I thought this was your best...especially when you were fucking me!"
I giggled.

"I don't think that behavior is for your Mom's view, do you?" he waggled
his eyebrows at me and I burst out laughing.

"No, I guess we should reserve that for when we're alone." I laughed.

"Now, let's get to cleaning up before you mom finds out you were into her
good china." Ty said, getting up.

"Oh, she doesn't mind. We don't use it much but, every so often, I get it
out and make the table real pretty with flowers and everything, just to
show her how much I love her." I told him.

"You see! That's what I told you! You are so loving and caring. I don't
know what I did to deserve you loving me!" he said, taking me in his arms
and gently giving me a light kiss.

"I'm the one who's lucky! I still can't believe that someone as wonderful
as you are is in love with me!" I told him and then kissed him hard on the
lips.

"Maybe that's the secret of being in love. Both of us feel like we're the
lucky ones." Ty said, kissing me back with passion this time.

We finally broke the kiss and started cleaning up. Ty is very organized and
was able to get everything into the dishwasher and cleaned up while I reset
the table for Mom so that she would have dinner when she came home.

When we were done, Ty took my hand and started towards the bedroom. I
pulled back and he looked at me.

"Didn't you forget something?" I asked, smiling shyly at him. I knew what I
wanted but I just couldn't seem to ask him for it.

He looked at me a moment and then it seemed to hit him. He grinned and
moved towards me. He reached down, took my legs and lifted me into his arms
again. I nestled my head against him and sighed. The feel of his arms
around me, his strength, was so wonderful it sent chills through me!

He didn't say anything, just leaned down and kissed my forehead and carried
me back to my bedroom and gently lay me on the bed. Then he got in beside
me and lay on his stomach. I rolled over onto his back and lay myself
completely on top of him. I began to lick and nibble at his neck and he
sighed with satisfaction and I felt him spread his legs open. My cock,
which was growing hard, was pressing into the crack of his ass and I knew
he could feel it because he would wiggle his ass against it sending thrills
through my body.

I continued to lick and nibble down his back. I was amazed at the beauty of
it, the muscles that were so strong covered with such velvet soft skin. He
wasn't hairy on his back except in one place. He had a small patch of fur
in the small of his back just above his butt. I combed through it with my
tongue before finally reaching his incredible bubble-butt.

I licked both cheeks, which had a light dusting of hair on each one. As I
did so, he moaned and spread his legs open even farther, inviting a deeper
exploration of him. I took the hint and buried my face in his ass-trench
with my nose snorting up all the scent of him. I pulled the cheeks open
with my hands so that I could get my nose further into the trench where the
stronger scent of him was. I know he could hear the deep breaths I took of
him.

"Yeah! Get off on my ass! You really like the scent of my butt, don't you!"
he moaned.

I raised my face from him for a moment and answered.

"I love your butt! I love everything about you, but especially your scent!"
I swore.

And with that, I pressed my face back in his ass and began licking deep
into his trench, trying to reach the entrance to his body. He spread his
legs even further, almost drawing his knees parallel with his hips. It was
an incredible vision to see him spread out that way before me. How could
anyone not want to fuck a guy so beautiful and so obviously desiring it? I
certainly couldn't pass up the opportunity. I was coming to believe what Ty
had said. This was necessary for me! I didn't just want to fuck Ty - I
needed to fuck Ty! And he needed me to fuck him!

My tongue finally found the opening to his body and I began to lick around
the wrinkled, puckered lips. I sucked them into my mouth and speared my
tongue into his hole. His hole began to open up, much more easily than mine
had and I soon had all of my tongue that I could, buried in his hole,
licking the inner reaches of his ass. For someone who woke up this morning
not even knowing that there was such a thing, I was certainly taking to
ass-eating with a vengeance! Ty certainly didn't seem to mind as he lay
there moaning while I continued to fuck his ass with my tongue.

Finally, I knew he was as wet and open as he was going to get with just my
mouth and raised my face out of his butt trench in order to continue
opening him up with my fingers. I was going to go for the tube of lube,
when it sudden appeared before my eyes - in Ty's hand, reaching back to
hand it to me. Well! Nothing like having an eager partner for fucking!

I spread some of the lube around the outside if his hole and then began
pushing one finger after another inside to spread the muscles so that I
could get my cock inside him. His ass gobbled my fingers in no time and I
easily was able to find his prostate and began to gently stroke it. But I
could feel it getting hard and I knew that I should back off. I didn't want
him cumming before I even got inside of him!

I figured he was a ready as he'd ever be. It also seemed this was the
position he wanted to be fucked in. Since this was my first time, I didn't
have any preference so I just moved forward and sunk my cock into his
ass-trench until it was resting at the opening to his guts. I was braced by
my hands on the bed next to the sides of his chest. I slowly pushed forward
and felt his ass open to the head of my cock. I popped past the outer ring
easily and felt myself sliding into the hot, wet furnace of his ass. God!
Was it hot inside him! It felt so fucking good! The ring of muscles
stripped back my foreskin as I slowly shoved my cock further into his
butt. I didn't know how fast he wanted the entry so I figured slow was less
painful.

Obviously, Ty had other ideas because I suddenly felt his hands reach back,
grab my hips and pull me fully inside of him. I also felt his pelvis raise
and his ass push back until every bit of my cock was inside of him and my
pubic hairs were resting on his hole.  Once I was all the way in, he let go
of my hips and settled back down.

"Lay down on me and rest. Just let me get used to this a minute." Ty said,
his voice husky with lust.

Taking him at his word, I lowered myself to his back again. I began licking
a nibbling at his shoulders and neck. My cock was luxuriating in the heat
and wetness inside him.

"God! You feel so good!" I husked, my own voice betraying my desire.

"I told you that you would love it!" he murmured. "I think it's time you
started fucking, lover!"

I took him at his word and went to move up to my hands again. Instead, he
grabbed my arms and brought them around his chest keeping me on his
back. My fingers reached for his nipples and when I squeezed them, his ass
clenched tighter around my cock! Wow! What a feeling that was! I was truly
beginning to understand the pleasure I had given him.

I began to pump my cock in and out of his hole. I immediately felt his ass
clutch around my cock, giving me feeling like I had never had in my life!
It was so soft and wet inside him and I truly felt like I could fuck him
forever. Unfortunately, being new at this, I was having a very hard time
keeping from cumming. His moans as I fucked in and out of his ass were
causing me to reach orgasm as well. Knowing that I was the one causing
those moans, that it was me giving him that much pleasure was driving me
towards cumming.

I started fucking him hard and fast. I could hear his moans increase in
sound. I was slamming my cock in his ass as hard as I could and knew that
my orgasm was rapidly building because I could already feel that tingly
feeling in my nuts.

"That's it! Fuck me! Fuck me hard! Shoot that hot load right in my ass!
Pound my fucking butt!"  Ty screamed as I continued to slam my cock in his
ass as fast and hard as I could.

I took him at his word that he wanted me to cum. I wasn't far from it! Then
I heard louder moans from Ty and felt his ass lock down on my cock and a
rhythmic clenching of his inner muscles sent me over the edge! I buried my
cock in his hole and the cum pumped from my cock. I don't know how many
times I shot, but it was one of the longest orgasms I could remember.

When I finally couldn't cum anymore, I collapsed on his back. He reached to
his chest and locked his hands in mine. He brought my hands to his face and
gently kissed each one. This caused my cock to twitch in his ass one more
time.

"Oh, God! Ty! That was incredible! I love your ass! I love fucking you!" I
breathed into his ear as I tried to regain my breath.

"I'm really glad because you are really good at it! You got me off with
just your cock. Did you know that?" he asked.

"No! Was that what made your ass clench so tight on my cock at the end?" I
asked.

"That was it! Now you know what it feels like. You've become a man. You've
fucked your first hole!" he laughed.

The laugh forced my soft cock from his butt. Since I was free, I decided
that I wanted to do to Ty what he had done to me so I moved down his body
again and forced his butt-cheeks apart and put my mouth right on his
hole. It was redder now and somewhat puffy so I was careful. I licked his
hole and got another groan out of him. Then I put my lips around his
asshole and gently began sucking and licking at it, drawing my cum out of
his ass. He moaned more while I did it and, when I had gotten all I could,
I gently kissed each cheek of his butt.

I then moved back up the bed and lay down beside him on my back, exhausted
by all the sex I'd had in one night. Boy! From being a virgin to having my
ass fucked, my cock sucked and fucking my first ass all in the space of
about three hours! Ty rolled over onto his side facing me with his head
resting on his hand, looking down at me. He reached out and began gently
stroking his hand down the front of my body from my chest to my pubic
hair. I looked up at him.

"I never thought it would be like this. I knew it was good. But I had no
idea how good it could be!" I told him.

He leaned down and gently kissed me.

"Trust me. It isn't always this good. It's never bad, but it's only this
good when you're with someone that you really love." he said.

"I believe you. God! I'm exhausted! I didn't know sex could take this much
out of you!" I grinned at him.

"Well, that's because it's new for you and because we did a lot in one
night." he grinned. "Are you about ready for bed?" he said.

"We're already in bed." I giggled.

"No, I mean to sleep." he said, giving me an exasperated look.

"I still need to piss." I said.

"Good. So do I." Ty replied. "And we both need a shower or you'll stink
like sex when your Mom comes home and she'll know what you've been doing."

"Oh, yeah! I didn't think about that." I said, glad that he had the
presence of mind to think about such things.

"We can do this together." he said taking my hand and walking to the
bathroom.

He reached into the shower and adjusted the water and then pulled me in
with him.

"Ty, I still have to take a piss!" I complained.

"So piss!" he said.

"But I'm all wet now and I'll get the bathroom floor all wet." I told him.

"What? Haven't you ever pissed in the shower before?" he asked.

"Well...sometimes when my piss hard won't go down I have to." I admitted.

"Just go ahead and piss then." he said, grabbing the soap.

"But I might get some on you!" I whined.

"So? We're in the fucking shower, Bri. What does it matter?" he asked.

I still was having trouble with this. Actually, what I was having trouble
with was the idea of pissing with Ty there. I'm terribly pee-shy and not
used to having another guy around when I piss.  Especially not some guy I
was in love with!

"Wait a minute! You're pee-shy, aren't you?" Ty asked, looking me in the
face.

I tried to deny it, but the words wouldn't come out of my mouth.

"Well...ahh...yeah! I am." I hung my head.

"Fuck! That's no big deal! Lots of guys come into boot camp that
way. You're just not used to having another guy around. Since you didn't
have a Dad or any brothers, you've never learned to relax around another
guy. But this is your chance. You might as well get used to it. Now go
ahead and piss. Here! I'll make it easy for you." he said.

And with this, his cock started pissing. I watched the heavy stream flow
into the bottom of the shower and down the drain. I found myself relaxing
and the next thing I knew, my piss was pouring from my cock and following
his down the drain. He grinned at me and gave me a light punch in the
shoulder.

"That's my boy! I told you that you could do it! It's just getting used to
being around other guys.  And you might as well get used to it, lover,
because I'm going to be around. A lot! Ok?" he asked, grinning at me with
that wonderful, boyish smile of his.

I leaned over and kissed him.

"Yes, it's very ok with me!" I said.

He grabbed me and started washing me. I loved the feel of his soapy hands
running all over my body. Of course he took his time around my cock and
balls. He was especially careful around my ass which was feeling a little
sore. I moaned as he touched it.

"Sore back there, huh?" he asked as he gently soaped my butt crack.

"Yeah. I am." I told him.

"You're going to be more so tomorrow. You won't be able to get fucked again
for a few days.  We'll let the soreness go away first. But, it's
ok. There's other things we can do and eventually you won't have to wait."
he informed me.

"You won't be disappointed?" I asked.

"Fuck, no!" he answered. "Sure I love fucking you, but after tonight, I
love you fucking me just as much. And you give one fuck of a blow job!" he
grinned at me.

I grinned back and I guess my pride in myself showed. I was good at sex! I
could please another man! Most important - I could please the man I loved!

"Well, at least I'm good at something." I tried to pass it off as a joke,
but Ty could see right through me.

"Hey! What the fuck is this? There's lots of stuff you're good at. Listen
here to me! I love you.  And I don't like hearing anybody put somebody I
love down! You got that? Not even you!" he said, standing there using that
'drill sergeant' voice of his.

"I've got it. I guess I've spent too many years telling myself how
worthless I am." I said hanging my head.

Ty reached out and put his arms around me.

"Why the fuck would you do that?! You're not worthless! I couldn't love you
as much as I do if you were!" he said, raising my chin with his hand and
looking me straight in the eyes.

I melted at his beautiful blue eyes.

"I guess its because I never had anyone but my Mom tell me I was worth
anything before." I said.

"You're Mom sounds like a pretty smart lady, Bri. You should listen to her
more often." he said and then he kissed me lightly. "Your turn!"

With that, Ty flipped me the soap. And as I ran my hands over his
beautiful, muscular body, I had a chance to think about what he had
said. Maybe this was my fault - my feeling so down on myself.  I'd always
felt less then the other kids because I didn't have a Dad and most of them
did. But that wasn't my fault! There was nothing bad about me because of
it! And now I had this beautiful, studly Marine in love with me! I guess I
was wrong all along. It wasn't going to be easy, but I suddenly realized
that what other people thought doesn't matter. What Ty and my Mom thought
did because they were the people who knew me - knew just about everything
about me - and loved me.

I loved the feel of Ty's skin under my hands. The soft warmth of it. The
steel-like strength of the muscles beneath. I loved to run my soapy fingers
through the mat of fur on his hairy chest and stomach and down to his pubic
hairs. I knew now why it was called a treasure trail! What treasure awaited
me! Ty's beautiful cock which I carefully washed, pulling back the foreskin
to make sure that it was clean.  I even got down on my knees and washed
down his strong thighs and calves. I marveled at the strength of his legs
and then remembered how much a Marine marches and runs. I heard the guys
talking about 20 mile forced marches.

While still down on my knees I dragged my gaze up the long, tall body of
this man that I was so in love with. The view was overwhelming - especially
when it ended at that beautiful face and the soft smile he was gazing at me
with.

"Like what you see, lover?" he asked softly.

"Very, very much." I answered honestly.

He reached down and put his hands in my arm pits and lifted me to my feet.

"So do I. Very, very much." he said and kissed me.

My arms entwined around his neck. He turned us so that the water cascaded
down on us and rinsed the soap it could reach from our bodies as we stood
there locked in each others arms, tasting each other. Finally he broke the
kiss and stepped back out of my arms and, putting his hands on my hips spun
me around in the spray of water to fully rinse me. Then he stepped back
into the spray himself and finished getting the soap from his body. He then
turned the shower off and reached for a towel and began drying me.

If felt almost like I was little kid again to feel him doing this for
me. Like he really was my big brother and was giving my nightly bath. I
felt so warm and secure in his hands. I never realized how much I needed
the touch of a man, never realized how much I missed it in my life. I
guess, in some ways, I was lucky not to know because the hunger for it that
rose inside me now would have been so much worse if I realized what I was
missing.

When he finished, I grabbed a towel and began to return the favor. I loved
anytime I could touch him. It surprised how easily we had gone from being
complete strangers to such intimacy in such a short time. To have the
permission to touch his body in return for allowing him access to mine just
seemed to me an unfair bargain. I was sure that I had gotten the greater
part of the deal, but I wasn't complaining! Not on your life! Here was the
finest specimen of young manhood - one of The Few, The Proud - indeed he
could well be a model for one of the Corp's recruiting posters!  And I got
to touch him, feel his arms hold me and give myself complete to him and
satisfy his body in ways that would not be approved by the Corps. But it
bothered him not a bit. Don't Ask, Don't Tell.

Finally dry, he again picked me up in his arms and carried me back to my
bed. But it was no longer mine. Now baptized with the essence of both our
bodies, it was now our bed. Never again would I look at that bed without
seeing our bodies entwined in love. And for the first time in my life I was
about to sleep in the arms of a man. And not just any man. The man I loved
in ways that surprised me at my own capacity for feeling.

Putting me gently in the bed, he walked around to the other side and got
into bed behind me. He reached out his arms and pulled me to his body and
we lay there spooned together. I kissed my neck and squeezed me in his
arms.

"Comfortable?" he asked.

"More than you could ever know!" I answered, the depth of my feelings
showing in my voice.

"You've never slept with somebody, have you?" It was a statement, not
really a question.

"No, except my Mom when I was little. It was nothing like this!" I
enthused.

He chuckled softly.

"I certainly hope not!" he said and nuzzled my neck.

"What time do you have to get up?" I asked.

"I need to be up by 5:30 to make it back to base on time." he said. "Don't
worry, I wake up without an alarm clock. And it will get me out of here
before your Mom gets home. We don't need her finding us like this." he
said.

"No, I guess not. When will you be home?" I asked.

"I should be back by five." he said.

"Ty..." I said softly.

"What?" he asked.

"Are...are...you going to tell Domingo and Tim about us?" I asked.

"Don't you want me to? They're my best friends and you know they would
understand. And beside, since they'll know I never came back to the
apartment tonight, they're going to figure something is going on." he
laughed.

"Oh, yes! I want you, too. I wouldn't want to try and hide how I feel about
you around them. I don't think I'd be very successful. I wonder what I'm
going to do around Mom. I'm sure she's going to notice something different
about me." I told him.

"Well, you don't have a neon sign around you neck that says 'I'm not a
virgin anymore!'" he laughed.

"No, I don't mean that. I wonder if she will be able to see how much I'm in
love with you." I said.

"I don't know. I guess we'll have to cross that bridge when we come to it."
he said.

I was quiet after that. He reached around and sought my mouth. I turned
back and he kissed me.

"Good night, Bri." he said quietly.

"Good night, Ty." I murmured.

And with his arms around me, I drifted off to sleep, feeling safe, secure
and loved.

The end of Part 3 of THE MARINE NEXT DOOR

If you like the story, please write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. Please don't
make plot suggestions as by the time you read this, the entire story has
already been written.

If you want to have a complete listing of my stories on NIFTY (the ONLY
place I post them) write me and I will gladly send it to you.

And if you're reading this on NIFTY (more especially if you're not) please
consider making a donation to the site to keep it operating and free!

Thank you,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 14)

Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2002 14:39:35 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: THE MARINE NEXT DOOR 2

Disclaimer: This is just a story. And it's about a Marine - actually
several Marines. None of them are real one, of course. Kind of a melding of
a lot of Marine's I've had the honor to have known in my life. Any
resemblance to any actual Marine is purely coincidence - but if there is, I
do wish he'd write me! Anyway, you know the drill, if you don't like sex
between males, what are you doing here? And if your Country, State,
Province, City, Town or Village won't let you read this kind of stuff -
MOVE!!! Somewhere where you can!

Oh, one more thing. This story is dedicated to my friend PUP, who just
LOVES Marines and stories about them. I hope he loves this one. And I kind
of hope it would come true for him.


THE MARINE NEXT DOOR - Part 2
by RimPig (c) 2002

With Ty's large, warm hand in mine, we walked down the hall to my
bedroom. Before I could get into bed, however, Ty pulled me to him and
kissed me deeply. While kissing me, he reached down and with no effort at
all, picked me up in his arms and gently lay me on the bed. I was already
aware of his strength from the musculature of his body, but he picked me up
as if I weighed nothing. It was a fantastic feeling to be in his arms that
way. I almost felt like a little kid, in the 'Daddy's arms' that I had
never known. But this wasn't Daddy! This was a young, beautiful Marine Corp
stud who looked down at me with strong desire in his eyes.

I reached out my arms to him and he got into bed, covering me with his
body. I don't think I have ever felt so safe and so protected in my whole
life! His body was warm and still slightly damp as he brought his mouth
down on mine in another passionate kiss. Then he pulled back and just
looked down at me. It was as if he were memorizing my face. His eyes
pierced mine and I felt like he was actually looking down into my soul,
searching for something that he knew he would find.

"I never kiss this much. I've never had a guy turn me on like this. You are
amazing, Bri. It's like I know I could just pour myself inside of you and
live the rest of my life that way." Ty said.

I didn't know how to react to that. I didn't know what to say. It was like
he was reading my mind, telling me all the feelings that were inside of me!

"Ty...I...I don't know how to say what I'm feeling. I can't believe you're
here with me like this. I can't believe you want me! You have no idea how
much you turn me on. More than any guy I've ever met. But it isn't just
that! I know I'm feeling a lot more than just wanting to have sex with
you. I don't want to just have sex with you. I want to be with you. I want
to be your friend. I want to make love to you and give you all the pleasure
I can. Does that make any sense?" I asked, searching in his beautiful blue
eyes for an answer.

"Bri..." Ty's voice getting very soft and husky. "That makes more sense
than you realize. I don't know why, but I know that this is more than just
sex with you. And, if you want, it won't be just this time, either. I've
had my fill of 'one-time' things. I feel better right now than I've ever
felt in bed with any other guy and I haven't even got off yet! There is
something so special about you. I don't know what it is, but I can feel it
when I'm near you."

And with this, he leaned down and again began to kiss me. I was moaning
into his mouth as his body moved against mine. I could feel his hard cock
rubbing against me and the slipperiness of his pre-cum as it was deposited
on my skin by his moving cock. He broke the kiss but, instead of moving
away, he began moving down my chin to my neck where he began to lick and
suck on the skin. I began moaning again at the feelings he was causing in
me.

He moved down to my chest and captured on of my nipples in his mouth. He
worried the nub with his tongue and teeth until it was standing up, almost
as hard as my cock. He then moved to the other one and repeated his
actions. Then, to my surprise, he began moving up again, forcing my arm
from around him and above my head where he held it in his hand. His face
moved into my pit and I could hear him taking deep breaths of my scent. I
couldn't believe it! He was getting off on my scent the way that I did on
his. He pulled his face from my pit and looked down at me.

"Thought you were the only one who got off on another guy's scent, didn't
you?" he smiled down at me. "I could hear you breathing each time you got
near me today. I knew you were getting off on my scent and it was turning
me on to no end!"

I'm sure I blushed. I could feel my face heat up, but I smiled back at him.

"Yes! I was. I love your scent. I didn't really want you to take a shower!"
I admitted.

"Next time we won't." he grinned. "Not until after."

He than put his face back in my pit and began licking it out. Oh! What an
incredible feeling that was! He worked on both pits until I was completely
wet with his saliva! Then he began moving down my body, dragging his tongue
against my skin, tasting me. He left a wet trail with his tongue down my
body until he reached my navel and began to lick it out with the tip of his
tongue. I giggled at that because it somewhat tickled. It was a completely
new sensation for me to have someone touching my body - much less licking
it!

Ty then moved down and buried his nose in my pubic bush. I could hear him
taking deep breaths of my scent and it made me incredibly horny knowing he
was getting off on me that way. He then began licking through the hair
until it was wet with his saliva. He also licked around the base of my cock
and the feelings were so intense that my hips raised off the bed, shoving
myself toward his mouth, without me doing it! He took his hands and gently
pressed my hips down to the bed and then moved around so that he was
between my legs.

He spread them wide and put his nose to my balls, and again took deep
breaths of my scent there.  His tongue finally darted out and he began to
lick at my wrinkly sack which was quickly drawn up tight to my cock. He
even lightly nibbled at the skin and I jerked at the intense nerve reaction
it gave me. I looked down and he raised his head and grinned at me from
between my legs as he hand came up and pulled my hard cock towards his
lips. I whimpered as he pulled my foreskin down and I saw my wet cockhead
come in contact with his tongue as he licked off a drop of pre- cum which
had formed.

He then began to lick just under the rim of the head of my cock and I was
moaning and thrusting up uncontrollably with my hips. Again, he forced my
hips back to the bed with his hands and rose up so that his mouth was
directly over my cock. He took as much as he could into his mouth and the
feeling was beyond anything I'd ever experienced. The warm wetness, the
sucking, the feel of his tongue stroking the underside of my cock was
quickly bringing me to the point of no return. I didn't want it to end so
quickly! But, being young and without any experience at all, I had no
ability at that point to hold back. I yelled to Ty that I was going to cum
and this only made him work his mouth on my cock harder. Within moments, I
was shooting the biggest load of my life right into his sucking mouth and
he was drinking down every drop of it! I couldn't believe this!  The
hottest Marine stud fantasy I could ever have in my life was drinking my
cum down his throat!

When I finally stopped cumming, Ty let my cock slip from his mouth and
moved up the bed to take me in his arms again. He planted his lips on mine
and when I opened my mouth to him, some of my own cum, which he had held in
his mouth from my orgasm, slid into my mouth along with his tongue. I
tasted my cum and swallowed it. This was nothing new for me. I ate my cum
all the time after I jacked off. But somehow, coming from his beautiful
mouth, it was so much more erotic and yet somehow emotionally satisfying as
well.

Ty broke the kiss and looked down into my eyes.

"How was that?" he smiled.

"It was incredible! I never knew something could feel so good! But I didn't
want it to end so soon." I said.

"Who said it's ended?" Ty asked, grinning down at me. "We've only just
gotten started. I wanted to get you off quick the first time so that we
could take our time with the rest. And it seems like we're almost ready to
start again."

As he said this, his hand slipped down my body and was stroking my already
hardening cock. I reached up with my hand and gently stroked his head,
feeling the prickle of his very short hairs tickling the palm of my
hand. Next, I moved my finger down his forehead until I was tracing the
bridge of his nose with it. I also drew my finger across his lips and he
opened him mouth and sucked it in and I watched as he gently sucked on my
finger. It was so incredibly romantic and erotic to see him do this, it
just about drove me nuts!

"Ty, I still can't believe this is happening!" I said.

"Believe it, lover." he said, dropping my finger from his mouth.

I stared at him. Did he just say what I thought I heard? No, he couldn't
have meant that. He couldn't have meant it the way it sounded.  Ty,
however, continued to look deep into my eyes. I searched his face and his
beautiful eyes to see if there was any chance that I wasn't dreaming!

"No, that wasn't a mistake." he said gently. "That's how I want you. I want
you as a lover not just someone to play with. If you can't handle that,
I'll understand."

I didn't know what to say. I could feel the emotions welling up inside of
me. I couldn't believe that anyone so beautiful could want me, but the look
in his eyes told me that, no matter what I thought, he knew what he wanted
and who he wanted - for whatever reason - was me! There was absolutely no
question in my mind about wanting him. I suddenly realized that Ty and the
way he made me feel was what I had wanted all of my life! The emotions
became so strong that I tears began to fall from my eyes and flow down the
sides of my face. He saw them and leaned down and began licking them from
my face.

"I'm sorry, Bri. I'm pushing things too fast for you, aren't I?" he said,
his eyes beginning to look sad as well.

"No! Please, Ty! You don't understand. All I've ever wanted my whole life
was someone to want me the way that you do! I just thought it would never
happen! And I never even dreamed it could happen with someone as beautiful
and loving as your are!" I cried.

"Believe it, Bri. It's true." Ty said, his voice filled with his own
emotions. "I want you, not for tonight, but for always. I want you lying in
my arms when I go to sleep at night and still in my arms when I wake up in
the morning. I want to know your deepest thoughts and fears. I want to be
able to share mine with you. I want you to know me better than I know
myself. I want to be there for you any time that you need me. And I want to
make love to you and have you make love to me. How does that sound?" he
asked.

"Like every dream I've ever had come true. That's what makes it so hard for
me to believe. I know why I want you." I stopped. That wasn't right. "No! I
know why I love you. But I don't know why you would love me." I said,
almost crying again.

"Well, it could be because, whether you know it or not, you are incredibly
attractive. You have the most beautiful eyes, I've ever seen in my life."
he said and I smiled.

 "And that's another thing!" he continued. "Your smile just about knocks me
out and goes straight to my heart and then straight to my balls!" he
laughed.

I lay there smiling and watching the happiness on his face as he described
for me what I looked like to him. It certainly wasn't what I saw in the
mirror every day, but that was for the best. If I saw myself in the same
way as Ty, then I would have been unbearable conceited.

"But there's something else." Ty's face getting serious again. "Something
much more important than what you look like. I know now what it is that I'm
feeling from you. It took me a little while to figure it out. I'd never
felt it from another guy before. It's how you love me. I feel like you just
radiate this total and unconditional love for me." he said, leaning down
and gently rubbing his nose against mine. It felt funny and I giggled and I
heard him chuckle in his throat as he did it.

"Oh, Ty. I do love you. I love you so much it's scary. I've never felt this
way about somebody before and it's all so sudden. Yeah, I've heard of 'love
at first sight' but I never knew it could actually happen." I said.

Ty looked at me, a slight grin on his face. "Well, with most guys, that's
'lust at first site'. And I have to admit, my first thoughts were of
getting you out of your clothes and into the nearest bed.  But as I spent
time around you, there was this openness, this vulnerability about you that
somehow got past all my defenses and I started really caring about you. It
was when I saw what you'd gone through just to feed three starving Marines,
that I began to see how truly loving and caring you are. And I couldn't
help myself. I wanted you to love and care that way about me!" he said.

"Oh, Ty, I do! I really do!" I said, reaching up and putting my mouth on
his.

The kiss was long and deep. It sealed between us the love that we were
feeling for each other.  I've heard the saying "The earth moved" about
cumming. Well, I didn't cum but during that kiss my whole world 'moved'!

"I want to make love to you, Bri. Will you let me?" he said softly to me
but with such incredible desire in his voice.

"I will do anything in the world for you. I'm just a little scared. You
aren't exactly small and, except for your finger in the shower, nothings
ever been up me." I said, letting him know exactly how I felt.

"I understand, Bri. We're going to go very slowly. I'm not going to lie to
you. There may be some pain at the beginning, but I swear to you - it won't
last and you'll end up loving it. I could tell the way you opened up for me
in the shower that this is something you're going to really learn to
love. Will you trust me on that?" he asked, his eyes softly giving me a
look of such love and desire, I could deny him nothing!

"I trust you. And I want you. I want to feel you inside me. I don't know
why, it's something I've never even thought much about. But you make me
feel like I want to be closer to you than anyone. I want to feel like
you're a part of me." I said.

"And, believe me, you'll feel that, Bri. We'll both feel it. We'll both
feel like we are a part of each other. Like we are one." he promised.

And saying this, he leaned down and kissed me deeply. At the same time, he
put his arms around me and turn us in the bed so that we were side by side,
facing each other and he hand his arms wrapped around me and drawn close to
his body. Then his hand began moving on my back, stroking down it until he
came to my butt and gently stroking and kneading the cheeks of my ass.

I was able to reach my hand between our bodies and began to stroke my
fingers through the hair on his chest. He pulled back some to give me more
access to his body and smiled at me.

"You like the hair, don't you?" It was more a statement than a question.

"Yes. It's so soft and warm. I can't get enough of touching you. Do you
mind?" I asked, looking up into his eyes.

"Mind? God! It feels so good I don't want you to ever stop!" he smiled.

"I've never had the chance to touch another guy before. I don't even know
if I'm doing it right." I admitted.

"Oh! You're doing just fine, Bri!" he laughed. "You just do what you
want. If something doesn't feel good, I'll tell you. And I want you to do
the same. If something I'm doing to you doesn't feel good, you let me
know. Ok?"

"Everything you do to me feels incredible!" I assured him. "You really seem
to know how to turn me on. But I also think that's because it's you doing
it." I said quietly.

I nestled my head against his chest, under his chin, feeling his soft chest
hair against my face. I could also drink in more of the smell of him as he
continued to stroke his hand across my butt. I felt his hand slightly part
my cheeks and his finger begin to trace along my trench again. When he got
to the opening to my body, he gently circled it several times with his
finger and I moaned against him at the tingling that went through my body.

"See!" I heard him murmur above me. "You do really like this. I know you're
going to love feeling me inside you."

I nuzzled against his chest. The thought of him being inside me was
becoming the focus of my entire life at that moment. I knew I wanted him
and I just prayed that I would be able to give him what he evidently wanted
so much.

He pushed me back on the bed on my back and got down between my legs
again. I thought he was going to suck my cock again but, instead, he put
his hands under my thighs and pushed up and back until I was almost bent
double with my knees on my chest.

"Hold your legs back for me, Bri. I want to start getting you ready." he
said.

I did as he said and grabbed my legs with my hands behind my thighs for
him. The entire 'private' part of my body was open to his vision. No one
had ever been this close to look at me before. I was almost embarrassed by
it, but he began to lick at my ball sack again and any thoughts other than
the feelings he was giving me were lost from my brain in an instant!

My cock had never really gone down at all and now it lay on my stomach,
hard as a rock and with pre-cum pouring from the hood onto my belly. Ty
continued to lick my balls and then began to move lower. He licked the back
of my nuts and then dipped his tongue lower until he was licking that patch
of skin between my balls and the beginning of my ass crack. I moaned at the
touch of his tongue to this highly sensitive area of my body. I didn't know
how much more of this intense pleasure I could stand but at that point it
didn't matter because I was in for the shock of my life!

Ty stopped licking and moved farther down. Then I felt his tongue begin to
slowly trace it's way up inside the trench of my ass! Nothing had prepared
me for this! I had no idea that someone would actually do that to another
person! Thoughts of shame and disgust came quickly to my mind but the
feeling of what Ty was doing to me quickly overwhelmed them! 'At least we
showered and I'm clean', I thought to myself.

It was about that time, that Ty's mouth reached the entrance to my body. I
could feel his tongue circling the tender lips of my ass and I was moaning
at the incredible feelings that were going through my body as he did. Then,
I felt his lips lock around my hole and begin sucking on them!  Never in my
life had I ever felt something so intimate and erotic! It was like he was
kissing my lips there just as he had the lips of my mouth. And just like
the other kisses he'd given me, I felt his tongue begin to press against
the opening to my body. I sighed and relaxed under the warmth that I was
feeling and, the next thing I knew, I could feel his tongue sliding up
inside my ass!

I moaned loudly at the feel of Ty's tongue as it continued to fuck in and
out of my hole like a small, very wet cock! No wonder he told me I would
love this! I certainly did. I finally raised my head and looked down my
body until my eyes met his as he looked at me from between my legs. I could
see the smile in his eyes as he knew the pleasure he was giving me. I was
grinning myself.

"God! Ty! That feels so good! God! Please! Eat my ass! Fuck me with your
tongue! Don't ever stop!" I begged in the delirium of feelings that I was
going through.

As if answering my prayers, he didn't stop for a very long time. He
continued to eat my ass until I felt completely relaxed and wet there. As
he licked and sucked on my hole, he brought one of his fingers beside his
tongue and began to slowly work it up inside me. There was no pain and his
finger entered my body and I quickly began to moan again when he again
began to stroke that place up inside me which felt so good! I thought I
would cum any moment!

But Ty was too expert to let that happen. He quickly backed off and
withdrew his finger from my ass. I moaned at its loss and the feeling of
emptiness left by it. I heard Ty chuckle to himself at that and the next
thing I felt was two of his fingers pressing at my opening. This time,
however, his fingers met some resistance from my sphincter muscle which
wasn't used to opening up this way.

"Do you have any lube?" he asked, looking up at me.

"Yes, in the bedside table drawer." I said, beginning to move to get it.

"You just lay there the way you are! I'll get it." he said, his voice
filled with authority.

He was in charge and I was his to command. This was his operation and I was
just to follow orders and enjoy!

He quickly found the tube of lube I sometimes used to jack off with, just
to get a different feeling - not because I needed it.

He quickly re-assumed his position between my legs and I felt the cool
wetness of the gel as he began to apply it to my ass. He massaged a good
deal of it around the opening to my hole and then began to push more of it
up inside me. As he worked on my ass, I began to feel my hole relax and
then next thing I felt was his two fingers easily sliding inside me with no
pain or resistance this time.

He continued to work on my butt until he had three fingers comfortable
moving inside me. I was beside myself! I wanted to cum so bad but knew that
I couldn't or it would ruin everything.  Finally Ty figured that I was
ready and he raised up on his knees between my legs.

"Hand me one of those pillows." he said, pointing to the pillows above my
head.

I handed it to him and he folded it in half and wedged it under my ass into
the small of my back.  This brought my ass even higher and on level with
his crotch. I could see his cock standing proud and tall between his legs
and was still a little concerned about all of that going up inside me. But
Ty liberally slicked up his cock with the lube and then told me to let go
of my legs. He let them drape over his arms as he moved forward and placed
the head of his cock against the opening to my ass.

There he was, above me, looking down at my face as he prepared to enter me
for the first time. I reached up with my hands now free and put them around
his neck. He bent down and kissed me hard, shoving his tongue in my mouth
to suck just as his cock began pushing against my hole. Ty had done a
masterful job of loosening me up. The head of his cock entered me slowly
but with no pain whatever - only the feeling of fullness. I moaned and he
stopped and pulled his mouth from mine.

"Are you in pain? Am I hurting you?" he asked, his eyes searching my face
for any sign of discomfort.

"God! No! Ty, it feels so good!" I swore to him.

He grinned down at me and again leaned down and kissed me. I could feel his
cock slowly sliding deeper and deeper inside of me until I suddenly noticed
that I could feel his pubic hair pressing against the opening to my ass. He
was all the way in! His whole, huge cock was inside my body!  We were truly
one for the first time! The emotions and feelings that went through my body
were so strong I started to cry again. Ty noticed and pulled back from the
kiss.

"Are you ok?" he asked, his love and concern turning his voice husky.

"Oh, yes! I'm more that ok! I'm wonderful! I love the feeling of you inside
me! You fill me up in a way I never knew possible!" I said, looking up into
his eyes.

He looked down at me and smiled. Such a look of love came to his eyes, that
I was almost moved to tears again. To think - this beautiful, wonderful
Marine loved ME!

"I can't even begin to tell you what it feels like to be inside you, Bri!
You are so hot and tight and wet! But you will know, I promise you." he
said it with such earnestness but I couldn't quite understand what he was
saying.

How could I feel what it was like to be up my own ass? That was
impossible. I could feel what it was like to be....NO! He couldn't mean
that! He couldn't mean he would let me fuck him! Could he?

But I had no time to think about this because Ty began to withdraw his
sword from my sheath and I moaned at the feeling of loss. I shouldn't have
worried. Before he had withdrawn far, he slowly shoved it back in to the
hilt. I could feel his cock rubbing against my prostate and the feelings
were driving me towards cumming and I wasn't even touching myself! I
figured that was impossible - to cum without touching yourself, just from
being fucked. But it sure felt like that was going to happen.

Within a short span of time, Ty was truly and powerfully fucking me! He was
taking long strokes in and out of my ass with his cock and each one felt
better and better. I was moaning and carrying on at the feelings. I finally
found my voice.

"Yes, Ty! Fuck me! Fuck me hard! Oh, God! Fuck me harder!!!" I moaned like
some slut! I was shocked at my own utterances.

Ty didn't seemed shocked at all, he just grinned at me and began fucking me
even harder and faster. My cock was trembling and pre-cum was pouring from
my piss-hole like a faucet. The foreskin had pulled back some from the head
of my cock and I knew, without even touching myself, that I was about to
cum just from Ty's fucking me!

"I'm gonna cum, Ty!" I screamed.

"Cum, Bri! Shoot your load, baby! I'm right behind you!" he yelled.

And with this I began to shoot the biggest, hardest load I'd ever shot in
my life. Even though it was the second one of the night, the first shot
landed above my head. The next ones landed on my face - actually, some of
it going in my open mouth - and my chest until finally I shot the last on
my stomach.

Ty, true to his word, was cumming right along with me. I couldn't feel his
actual cum hitting the walls of my guts, but I could feel his cock twitch
and expand each time he shot. And he shot longer than I did! By the time he
was finished, he must have deposited at least a pint of cum up inside of me
because I could feel it squirting out around his cock as he shot the last
of his load inside me.

Ty collapsed on top of me and rubbed my chest against his, working the cum
I had shot all over myself into our skin. He began to lick up the cum which
had landed on my face and then kissed me and let me lick it from his
mouth. Then he totally collapsed on top of me, his face in my neck and
shoulder.

I could smell and feel the sweat from our bodies and the scent of our
fucking. It was the most beautiful thing I'd ever smelled in my life! It
was the scent of our love being firmly and physically stated. I leaned my
head forward and began to lick the sweat from Ty's shoulder as he lay
panting on top of me, trying to get his breath back. Finally he was able to
lift his face.

"That was the most incredible orgasm I've ever had in my life." he murmured
to me. "I never knew that loving the guy you're fucking could change things
so much! It felt like I'd never done it before! Like I was the virgin"

"Well, I was the virgin!" I laughed. "And it was the most incredible thing
I've ever experienced in my life! You are so incredibly wonderful! I can't
believe I came without even touching myself!  Just from what you were doing
to me!"

He grinned at me with such pride that I think if they gave him the
Congressional Medal of Honor, he couldn't have grinned any bigger!

"You are the best! I could fuck you all night long!" he said.

"So do it! Fuck me all night long!" I said.

"God! I want to. But there's something else we have to do first." he said.

With this, he allowed his softening cock to finally pull out of my
ass. Then he rolled off me and took me in his arms, pulling me close to
him. I snuggled back up against his chest. The hair was matted with my cum
and his sweat and I began to lick it clean.

"Oh, God! I love when you do that!" he said, reaching his hand down and
gently stroking my ass where his cum was slowly dribbling out.

He pushed me back on my back and was between my legs in seconds, with my
legs pushed up by his hands. He immediately put his mouth to my so recently
fucked hole and began to lick and suck all of his cum out of me. It was an
incredible feeling and instantly eliminated any feelings of residual
soreness I had.

When he had cleaned me out, he again lay down beside me and pulled me into
his arms. I reached up and pulled him down to me so that our mouths met. I
could taste his cum and what was evidently some of my ass juice on him, but
rather than turning me off, it just excited me more. I could feel my cock
getting hard between us.

"You ready to go again?" he asked, smiling at me.

"Not quite yet, but getting there. But you aren't hard yet." I said.

"I don't need to be." he said.

"Well, yes you do!" I answered. "How are you going to fuck me with your
cock soft?"

"I'm not. You're going to fuck me." he said.

My mind reeled! Was he serious? Did he really want me to fuck him? I'm sure
he saw the shock on my face.

"Bri, if we're going to be lovers, this has to be an equal partnership. I
don't want us to get into this bullshit that one of us is the fucker and
the other one gets fucked. We're both guys. You're going to love fucking
once you try it and you're going to want to fuck me sometimes. It just so
happens I like getting fucked - especially with a cock as big as yours!
Now, I hope you're not going to get any stupid notions that my wanting you
to fuck me makes me any less of a man. I certainly don't think that about
you just because I just fucked you!" he said.

"No, it isn't that. I just never expected you to....well, because..." I
couldn't finish.

"Because I'm a Marine, right?" Ty finished for me.

I kind of hung my head. That was exactly what I was thinking. Ty lifted my
head and looked me in the eyes.

"In this bed, I'm not a Marine. I'm your lover. Trust me, if I didn't want
you to fuck me, you couldn't. When I give myself to you, that's a gift
because I love you. The same as I hope you feel when you let me make love
to you. I'd kill any guy who tried to fuck me if I didn't want it.  Believe
that!" he said.

"I do! Believe me, I do! And I do want to fuck you, Ty! I want to know what
it feels like. More than that, I want to learn how to give you the same
pleasure you just gave me. Besides, I've been looking at that incredibly
cute ass of yours since you got out of your Jeep the first time! I didn't
know what I wanted to do with it, but I've now got several wonderful
ideas!" I laughed.

"You were watching when I pulled up this morning?" he asked.

"Yep. From my bedroom window. I'd already seen Domingo and Tim and thought
they were hot.  But when you pulled up, I instantly forgot about them! You
were so beautiful, I could hardly believe my eyes! All those muscles, that
beautiful hair all over you and those incredibly cute freckles across your
nose!" I giggled.

"Hey! Wait a minute! How the fuck could you see my freckles from your
bedroom window on the 2nd floor?! They don't show that much!" he said
feigning fierceness.

"You can with binoculars!" I giggled again.

"Why you little..." he didn't finish. Instead he grabbed my sides and
started tickling me.

I let out a howl and we began wrestling on the bed. We were making so much
noise, I began to get worried. I was afraid that Domingo and Tim might be
able to hear next door and figure out what was going on between Ty and
me. God knows, they probably already heard us cumming!

"Ty, stop! The guys will hear us!" I said.

"Let 'em hear! I've listened to them moaning and groaning enough!" he
laughed, rolling off me and onto his back, looking up at me.

I know he saw the shocked look on my face.

"Bri, Tim and Domingo are lovers. That's why we got this place off
base. They wanted to be able to be togther without worrying about people
knowing about them. They couldn't even begin to swing the rent on their
own, so I decided to come along, too. It would give me a convenient place
to bring guys to for sex." he explained.

"Oh." I said. The thought of Ty having sex with somebody else suddenly cut
through me like a knife.

"Bri. What's the matter. You aren't upset about Tim and Domingo are you?"
he asked, his voice showing concern.

"No..." I said.

"Oh, about me having sex with other guys! Is that it?" he asked, sitting up
and putting his arm around my shoulders.

"Well...yeah." I said.

"Look, I didn't expect this to happen between us! If it bothers you, I
don't have to have sex with anybody but you. But I want you to think about
something. This was the first time you ever had sex with another
guy. You've never been with anybody else. Was that because you didn't want
to or were afraid to?" he asked.

"It was because I was afraid to. I've wanted other guys. Just never as much
as I wanted you!" I admitted.

"Thank you. I feel the same way. I wanted you more than any guy I've ever
had sex with. But I know what other guys are like. You don't. Can you
honestly tell me right now that you're never going to want to have sex with
anybody but me? Think about it before you answer." he said.

I did, too. I thought about it. What had happened between us was the most
wonderful thing that had ever happened to me in my life. But there had been
other guys I'd wanted. There were guys in my new High School who could get
my cock hard as a rock just by walking near me! I didn't know what to
think.

"No. I can't say that." I said.

"Good!" said Ty.

I looked at him with a quizzical look.

"Like I said before, we're both guys. Guys love to have sex. And sometimes
they're not to choosy about who they have it with either! I've seen some of
the whores that the other grunts fuck! Just because we have sex with
another guy doesn't mean we love them. And it doesn't mean we stop loving
whoever we do love. Can you understand that?" he asked.

"Yeah. I know I could suck Tommy Madison's cock just for the pleasure of
doing it! I know I don't love him, but he is really good looking. Not as
beautiful as your are, though." I assured him.

"Bri, I'm not beautiful." Ty said, obviously embarrassed.

"Hey! Don't argue with me! I say you're beautiful - you're beautiful! Ok?"
I shot back the same words he had used on me earlier.

He rocked with laughter.

"Ok, ok! No argument! You want to think I'm beautiful - have at it!" he
grinned.

"Do you want to have sex with other guys?" I asked.

"Not right now." he laughed. I smiled back.

"But I might sometime. And you might, too." Ty said. "Like you already
admitted that you thought Domingo and Tim were cute."

"But they're lovers!" I said.

"Yeah. And I've had lots of sex with both of them. Several times at the
same time! And, before you ask, since they've been lovers." he said.

That really made me think! Maybe this would work itself out. I just wasn't
ready for it right now.

"Look," Ty said, as if reading my mind again. "I'm not going to want to
have sex with somebody else tomorrow. I'm not going to want to have sex
with anybody but you for quite a while. But it could happen. And it could
happen to you. Don't you think that something like that worries me?"  he
asked.

"What would you be worried about?" I asked. I couldn't fathom this.

"That you would find some other guy you wanted more than me. That you would
fall in love with him." he said.

"But I would NEVER do that! I love you! That will never change!" I swore.

"Yes it will. Love changes over time. Sometimes it grows deeper. Sometimes
it dies. So what happens in the end is we have to learn to trust each
other. That's the biggest part of love - trust.  You've got to learn to
trust that I'm going to love you no matter what just as I'm going to have
to trust that you'll continue to love me no matter what. What did you
think? That I wouldn't be hurt if you stopped loving me? That you were the
only one risking his heart here?" he asked.

I hung my head again. That was exactly what I had thought.

"I figured you could have anybody you wanted and I would never find someone
like you again in my whole life." I admitted.

He took my chin in his hand and raised my head until I was again looking in
his eyes.

"No way, baby. Nobody gets anybody they want. And what the fuck makes you
think I could ever find someone like you again in my life? Hmm?" he
said. "Who's going to put out their mother's good china just for me?" and
he smiled.

That was it! I couldn't take anymore. I fell sobbing into his arms, wetting
his chest with my tears.

"Oh, Ty, I do love you. I love you so much! I will trust you. And I'll
trust that we'll learn to love one another and find a way to make it
together. I promise." I cried.

Ty just held me in his arms and rocked me while he stroked my hair until I
got myself back under control. When I did, he leaned down and kissed me
deeply.

"Do you know what the Marine Corp motto is?" he asked.

"Yes. Semper Fidelis." I answered.

"Do you know what that means?" he asked again.

"No. It's Latin. I've never studied Latin." I replied.

"It means 'Always Faithful'." he said. "I will always love you - Semper
Fi!"

"And I will always love you! Semper Fi!" I answered back.

And again, he took me in his arms and I was lost in his passionate
kiss. Then he pulled back and looked deeply into my eyes. I could
definitely see hunger in his!

"Now. I want to get fucked. Know anybody around here who can do it?" Ty
asked.

The end of Part 2 of THE MARINE NEXT DOOR

If you like the story, please write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. Please don't
make plot suggestions as by the time you read this, the entire story has
already been written.

If you want to have a complete listing of my stories on NIFTY (the ONLY
place I post them) write me and I will gladly send it to you.

And if you're reading this on NIFTY (more especially if you're not) please
consider making a donation to the site to keep it operating and free!

Thank you,

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 15)

Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2002 14:39:35 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: THE MARINE NEXT DOOR 1

Disclaimer: This is just a story. And it's about a Marine. Not a real one,
of course. Kind of a melding of a lot of them I've known in my life. Any
resemblance to any actual Marine is purely coincidence - but if there is, I
do wish he'd write me! Anyway, you know the drill, if you don't like sex
between males, what are you doing here? And if your Country, State,
Province, City, Town or Village won't let you read this kind of stuff -
MOVE!!! Somewhere where you can!

Oh, one more thing. This story is dedicated to my friend PUP, who just
LOVES Marines and stories about them. I hope he loves this one. And I kind
of hope it would come true for him.


THE MARINE NEXT DOOR - Part 1
by RimPig (c) 2002

When I was 18 years old, my mom and me moved to a small town on the
California coast because she got a better job. My Dad had left years before
and we were left pretty poor because, of course, the bastard disappeared
and never paid child support. If it wasn't for some pictures my mother
keeps hidden in a drawer (which of course I found) I wouldn't even know
what the asshole looked like.

Unfortunately, he looked a lot like I do. Or I look like him, depending on
which way you want to look at it. First of all, I'm small for my age. I'm
only 5' 7" tall. I have dark hair and deep blue eyes. I was sickly as a kid
and got held back in 3rd grade so I'm only a senior in high school at 18.
I don't have what you would call a muscular body, but I do have a swimmer's
build. In fact, I was a swimmer all through middle and high school. It was
the only sport that someone my height and being slender could really excel
at. I only weigh 150 pounds. I don't particularly think of myself as
handsome or anything, but my face wouldn't stop a clock either.

I suppose I should be grateful to my Dad for one thing he evidently gifted
me with genetically. A big cock! It really started growing when I hit
puberty and now measure a little over 10 inches.  And on my small body -
that looks enormous! Come to think of it, on practically anybody's body it
would be enormous. I'm also uncut because Dad insisted on it. So I guess I
have him to thank for that as well.

I'm used to getting stares in the showers. After all, it hangs almost 7"
soft. Unfortunately, my name is Brian Connors, so naturally I got the
nickname "BC". But it wasn't for my initials, if you get my
meaning. Luckily, in this new high school, I just tell people the "BC"
stands for my initials and let it go at that.

But it's rough being a new kid in a school your senior year! I didn't
really care about my old school. I didn't have any real friends there
anyway. I tend to be very shy and don't make friends easily. And that trait
got worse in me about the time I turned 13.

It was then that puberty started hitting, my cock started growing and I was
pounding loads out of it three and four times a day! Nothing wrong with
that. But the problem was, all I was jacking off to were fantasies of guys!
I knew I'd never had any particular interest in girls but just figured that
would come along with age. No such luck. By the time I was 14, I knew that
I was one of those "Fags" that guys loved to put down in school. This made
me withdraw even worse.

And the worst part was - here I was 18 and, as the old saying goes, "never
been kissed". Never been anything! I was a virgin. And I wasn't fucking
happy about it! But I didn't know what to do about it, either. I mean, I
didn't hang with other guys because I was afraid they'd find out I was
Gay. And how the fuck are you going to ever have sex with another guy if
you aren't ever around them?

And now, we were thousands of miles away from any people that I knew, so I
figured I'd just forget it. Yeah! Right! Try telling that to an 18 year old
cock that spent 22 hours a day hard! At least it seemed that way
sometimes. And, on somebody as small as I am, all that meat hard is going
to show! I think I had my books permanently welded to the front of my jeans
ever since freshman year! And we won't talk about the number of pairs of
underwear I ruin with the pre- cum that leaks out of it!

Anyway, I figured that I would be a virgin for the rest of my life. That
is, until about six months after we moved into our apartment.

Now, this apartment building wasn't in what you would call a "high rent"
district. It was old and cheap. The walls were paper thin and you could
hear everything going on in the apartment above and below you and on either
side. But it was the only 2 bedroom that Mom could afford. At least it did
have a pool, but I've come to believe that California has a law somewhere
that every apartment building has to have a pool because I've never seen
one without it.

There was this couple who lived next door who's bedroom shared a wall with
mine. They had to have the worst marriage I'd ever heard - and "heard" I
did! They fought all the time. Especially in the bedroom. I often was kept
up until 2 or 3 in the morning with their yelling and throwing things at
each other. Luckily, after a few months, the inevitable happened and they
split up. They also, thank God!, move out. I didn't know who was going to
move in next, but I figured it had to be better.

Well, God must have really been smiling down on me because what moved in
was not another couple but three of the most beautiful, studly Marine's
you've ever seen in your life! Now, I'd known that there was a Marine base
somewhere near us, having seen young Marines around town. But they were
always in bars and places I couldn't go. And, in my mind, they were all
chasing 'pussy'. So the idea of actually getting into bed with one of them
didn't even enter my mind.

I saw them the first day they moved in. The first two I saw were really
good looking! One had very dark hair and eyes and seemed to be
Hispanic. The other one had dark red or auburn hair and green eyes. The
both were around six feet tall and both had outstanding musculature which I
got to feast my eyes on from my bedroom window while they unpacked their
U-Haul truck. They were wearing boots and these really cool little shorts
which I later learned were called "BDU's".  They had quickly taken their
shirts off and I could almost smell the sweat of their bodies from my 2nd
floor window!

Oh, did I mention that the smell of a guy's body really turns me on? Not a
bad smell, like when he hasn't showered for a week or anything. But I loved
the smell of other sweaty jocks in the locker room after practice.

Anyway, I was just about to go back to what I was doing - homework, when
all of a sudden a third Marine appeared. I couldn't believe it! This one
was so beautiful he made the other two look ordinary by comparison! He was
over six feet tall (actually 6'2" I found out later) with dark blond hair
and blue eyes the color of cornflowers! His body was incredibly developed -
not over developed, but with bulges and cuts in all the right places and a
six-pack I was sure you could bounce a quarter off of!

His muscular chest was covered with a light dusting of hair which glinted
in the sunlight like pure gold and a treasure trail that led down across
his 6 pack into his incredibly tight shorts. And tight they were! You could
see his beautiful bubble butt in all it's glory and what looked to be a
substantial bulge in the groin. He also had a splash of freckles across his
nose that was so incredibly cute I just about came in my pants just looking
at him. And looking I was! In fact, I hate to admit it, I was looking at
him through a pair of binoculars! Which is how I could see the freckles.

Ok, I'm not a Peeping Tom or anything, but when I saw them, I wanted a
closer look without them being aware that I was checking them out. These
are Marines, after all! Uncle Sam's Misguided Children! Men who are taught
to kill 12 different ways with their bare hands! If they took exception to
me staring at them, I could be a long time dead! So, I took the most
careful precautions so that I wouldn't arouse any homophobia they might
harbor.

Like I said, I was going to stop watching, but after this gorgeous hunk of
a Marine showed up, I couldn't! There was just something about him. I could
see, just in the silent interaction that he was having with the other two
that, first of all, they showed him a lot of respect and deference and
secondly, he didn't seem to lord it over the other two guys. He pitched in
and did more work than they did.

I could hear them as they tramped down the hall in front of our apartment
door and considered going out and asking if they needed any help. What help
somebody as small as me - compared to them - would be, I wasn't sure. But
it just seemed the 'neighborly' thing to do. Ok, and I'd get to take deep
whiffs of their sweaty bodies at the same time! I didn't say I was a saint!

I heard them heading for the door of their apartment, heading down for
another load and stepped out into the hall. The hall was filled with the
aroma of hot, sweaty male animal and I thought I would faint from taking in
too much air! I screwed up my courage.

"Hi, guys! Just moving in?" I greeted them.

Never let it be said that I could pass up the obvious!

"Hey, kid!" The beautiful one answered. "Know where we could get some beer
around here?"

"Well, there's a 7-11 about 3 blocks from here over on Doheny." I answered.

"What's you name, kid?" he asked me.

"Brian." I said. I was not about to tell them my nickname!

"Well, Brian, why don't you come with me and show me where it is so I can
get some beer to keep these animals tamed." he said, referring to his two
room mates.

"Sure!" I said.

Oh, my God! This couldn't be more perfect if I'd planned it!

We headed downstairs and he introduced me to his two room mates.

"The New York Puerto Rican over there is Domingo and this Irish bastard is
Tim." he said.

"Yeah! And the pale white boy is Corporal Tyler Harrison!" Domingo said,
punching Tyler in the shoulder.

"You lived here long, Brian?" Tyler asked me as we got into his Jeep
Wrangler.

"Nah! Only for six months. My mom and I came out hear from Pennsylvania
'cause she got a better job." I said.

"How old are you, anyway?" Tyler asked.

"I'm 18. Gonna be 19 in December." I told him.

"You're shitting me, right? You don't look much over 15!" he laughed.

Oh, great! Just fucking great! He thinks I'm just some kid!

"So how old are you, Corporal?" I asked.

"Hey, I'm only Corporal on base! Call me Ty. I'm 22." he said.

We talked more as I showed him where the store was and went inside with him
while he bought four six-packs. I found out he was from a small town in
Iowa and had actually grown up on a farm. He'd joined the Corps right after
high school to get out of there! He said he didn't want to end up running a
farm like his old man did. He wanted to see something of the world.

"So what do you do for fun around here?" he asked me.

"Not really a whole lot. Transferring into high school in your senior year
really makes you an outsider. I haven't been able to make any friends. I
mostly spend time at home. I rent movies and stuff like that. My mother is
a nurse, so she works all kinds of weird hours. Most of the time, I'm
pretty much alone." I told him honestly.

There was something about Ty. It wasn't his looks, though God knows he had
those! There was just something about him that made him easy to talk to and
caused me to have feelings stirring somewhere other than my groin for once
in my life! I really liked him! And for some reason, it was really
important that he like me.

"Doesn't sound like a whole lot of fun." he said and gave me a very kind
smile.

"Oh, I go to the beach and swim a lot. I was on the swim team at home." I
said.

"Yeah, I can tell that. You've got a swimmer's body on you." he said.

What's this? He's checking out my bod?! Why would he do that? I mean, I've
been checking out his ever since he drove up in the parking lot, but why
would he check me out?

By that time, we were back at the apartment building and went up to the
floor where our apartments were. When we got there, I went to unlock our
front door to head back to my room.

"Hey! Where you going, Brian. Aren't you gonna have some beer with us? I
mean, that's why I bought 4 six-packs. I figure you're not old enough to
buy it yourself yet." he smiled at me.

My heart raced. He wanted me to join them? I was being accepted by 3 studly
Marines! Nah!  He's just being nice because I showed him where the store
was. But, what the fuck! I followed him into their apartment.

Their apartment was just like ours. It was two bedrooms. I wondered what
the sleeping arrangements were going to be with 3 guys but quickly learned
that 'rank has it's privileges' and Ty got the master bedroom all to
himself. He was also paying half the rent. But it put his bedroom right
next to mine! We would be one thin wall from each other. I wondered if he
jacked off and if he made noise when he came?

Oh, fuck! I shouldn't start thinking shit like that. My cock is already
half hard and with my cock, half hard is bigger than most guys with a full
hardon! And I had on very tight jeans so the fucker was going to really
show down my pants leg! In fact, I would almost bet that I saw Ty and the
other two guys kind of look down and check it out! But I knew I must be
crazy! Why would they do that?

Anyway, by that time, Ty had handed me a beer and I was slowly sipping
it. I didn't want him to know that I'd never had beer before. And I didn't
want to get drunk and make a fool of myself.  Or worse, get drunk and say
something that would give away that I was Gay. Ty kind of watched me
drinking though and I think he got the idea that this was something new to
me.

The three Marines had evidently gone through boot-camp together and they
had lots of stories to tell about their experiences. I listened in awe
while these guys talked about their lives as Marines and bantered with each
other in the way males do. There was a lot of swearing and name-calling but
none of it angry. All of it just in fun. Even though I wasn't saying
anything, I really did feel included by them. It was an awesome feeling to
feel like I was a part of something - not on the outside looking in like I
usually was.

"Hey, which one of you lazy fuckers is going to cook dinner?" Tyler asked.

"Cook? What do you mean, cook?" Domingo said in his New York accent.

"Yeah, bro! Neither one of us knows how to cook!" Tim laughed.

"Aw...fuck! I have to end up with fucking Jarheads who are worthless!" Ty
chuckled.

"I can cook."

I heard that come from somewhere and suddenly realized it had come out of
my mouth! Oh, shit!

"You can, Brian?" Ty asked.

"Sure. Like I told you, with Mom working crazy hours and me on my own a
lot, I had to learn." I said.

"Are you any good at it?" He asked, giving me a look.

"Mom says I am. I always have dinner ready for her when she gets home. And
I haven't died yet!"  I answered.

"Ok! That solves that problem! We'll let the kid cook for us!" Domingo
yelled.

"Like fuck we will!" Ty whipped around and gave Domingo a look I wouldn't
want to get from him. "He's not a grunt and we can't have him being our
slave! And he's not a kid. He's 18." Ty said.

Oh my God! Ty was sticking up for me! I couldn't believe it! Oh this guy
was WAY beyond nice!

Domingo settled right down.

"Look, I know you guys haven't had the chance to go to the store or
anything, and you still have all this unpacking to do." I motioned to all
the boxes lying all over the place. "Why don't you let me make dinner for
you tonight. That way you can continue unpacking and not starve." I said to
Ty.

"Well..." said Ty, looking at the other two who anxiously sat with a look
on their faces that said they were begging Ty to say yes. "Ok. But on one
condition! We pay for the food and we pay you!" Ty said, looking back at
me.

"No Deal!" I said.

I don't know where I got the nerve to say it! It just sort of popped out!
Ty looked shocked.

"You pay for the food, but I don't need you to pay me. I'm doing this as a
neighbor and hopefully a friend. Where I come from, friends don't pay
friends for helping them!" I said, looking Ty square in the eye.

Ty just sat there for a few moments digesting what I'd said. And then he
got this very soft look in those beautiful blue eyes of his.

"I'm sorry, Brian! Friends don't pay friends where I come from either. And
why you'd want to be friends with a bunch of hell-raising Jarheads is
beyond me, but you're certainly welcome! Right, guys?" he said, turning to
the other two.

"Yeah! Right!" they both answered and suddenly I was having my hand pumped
and my back slapped by three very happy Marines. But none of them were as
happy as I was!

"Ok, tell me what you guys like to eat." I asked.

"Meat!" they all three yelled at once! "And lots of it!" Ty said.

"Ok, that's easy! I can definitely handle that!" I said. I had this recipe
for marinaded London Broil which took almost no time at all. I figured some
baked potatoes and a green salad and maybe a pie for dessert - which I
could buy frozen. No problem!

"But there's a problem. We've got a kitchen, but we don't have anything to
cook with yet!" Ty said.

"That's no problem." I said. "I'll just cook it all in our apartment. That
way I'll be out of your way while you guys work on moving in!"

"Hey! That works!" Ty said, putting his hand on my shoulder. "You sure
you're ok with this Brian? I really don't want to impose on you." he said,
a soft tone in his voice.

"As many night as I eat alone in front of the television set! You think I
would pass up a chance to get to eat with some guys for a change?!" I told
him.

His eyes got really soft then and I could feel his hand squeezing gently on
my shoulder. I was scared to death that if he did it much more, Mr. Pants
Snake was going to pop full hard so fast it would rip the seam of my jeans!
But I wasn't about to tell him to stop! No matter what. I just sat there,
basking in the warmth of his eyes and his smile.

"Well, I'd better get you some money!" he said and then turned to the other
guys. "Ok you fucking scumbuckets - hand over money!" he yelled like a
Marine Corps drill sergeant.

He handed me forty dollars which was WAY more than I was going to
need. However, I had to remember, I was feeding three Marines! I
immediately doubled all the measurements in my head!  The Ty did something
that floored me. He handed me the keys to his Jeep. I stood there staring
at them and then at him.

"You can drive a stick?" he asked.

"Well, yeah..." I answered.

"You got a license, right?" It was a statement, not a question.

"Right." I answered.

"So get your ass to the store! You got three hungry Marines who want to
chow down sometime today!" He said, his voice again like a drill sergeant
but a big fucking grin on his face.

"Sir! Yes, Sir!" I shouted as I'd heard Marines do it in movies and gave
what I hoped was a decent salute.

Ty laughed and ruffled my hair.

"So get outta here and let us work!" he laughed.

"You got it!" I said, making my way out the door.

I ran downstairs and hopped in Ty's Jeep. I carefully drove out of the
parking lot and to the nearest Safeway. I picked up a 5 pound London Broil
and all the rest of the food. I even went to the store's bakery and bought
a lemon meringue pie. I carefully drove back to the apartment and began
marinating the meat. I knew that this would take about 3 hours and the
actual cooking would only take a few minutes under the broiler.

I was just getting to cleaning the lettuce for the salad and some ears of
fresh corn which I also had picked up when Mom called.

"So what are you up to, Brian?" she asked.

"Fixing dinner." I said.

"Oh, honey, I'm so sorry. I'm not going to be home. I have to work a
double." she said, her voice full of apology.

"Don't worry about it, Mom. There'll be plenty left for you. But I'm having
guests for dinner!" I announced.

"Guests? Who?" she asked.

"Our new next door neighbors!" I enthused.

"Honey, do you think that's a good idea? We don't even know these people!
I've never had a chance to meet them!" she said. Mom is a worrier.

"Mom, stop worrying! I couldn't be safer if I was in the middle of Camp
Pendleton! The new neighbors are three of the Few, the Proud!" I said.

"What?! The what?" Mom asked.

"They're Marines, Mom! And they're really nice guys. Ok? I'm cooking dinner
for them because none of them know how and they don't have any pots or pans
yet. They paid for all the food! We having my famous London Broil!" I told
her.

"Well, if they're members of the Marines, I guess that's ok. And I love
your London Broil!" she said, sounding better about the whole thing.

"I'll make sure there's plenty left for you. Ok?" I asked.

"You must really like these guys! I haven't heard you this excited for a
very long time!" she said.

"Mom, I gotta go! I've got veggies to wash and stuff to get ready. Ok?" I
said.

"Ok, Chef! I'll see you in the morning!" Mom said.

"Bye, Mom!" I said, hanging up the phone and going back to work.

I don't know why I did it, I know they wouldn't expect it, but I pulled out
the good china that Mom had gotten for her wedding and the good table cloth
and napkins and the crystal. I even brought out Mom's sterling silver
candlesticks. By the time dinner was ready, the table was beautiful. I just
wished I had some wine to serve, but I couldn't buy that.

I went over to Ty and the guy's apartment and knocked on the door. Ty
opened it. He was sweaty and the scent of him hit my nose and I almost lost
it right there.

"Dinner's ready." I said.

"Shit! I wanted to get a shower before we ate. Do I have time?" Ty asked.

"Ahh...not really. Everything is done and it isn't the meal you can hold."
I said.

OK, I probably could have, but I didn't want him to wash off all that
scent! I wanted him just like he was.

"Ok then, you'll just have to put up with the stink!" he said and then
turned back into the apartment. "Hey! Chows on! Move it!" he yelled and we
could both hear the running steps of Domingo and Tim who came running from
one of the bedrooms, still only in a pair of BDU's, just like Ty.

We walked over to our apartment and when I opened the door and they three
Marines saw the table they stopped dead and none of them said a word for
several minutes. They just stared.

"Oh, my God, Brian!" Ty finally said. "You did all this for us?!"

"Hey, man!" Domingo said, clapping me on the shoulder. "I haven't seen a
table like this since the last time I was home with my Mamma for
Christmas!"

"Yeah!" said Tim. "It's just like home over the holidays!"

They continued to stand there. I got worried.

"Did I do something wrong?" I asked Ty quietly.

He looked at me, and I could see tears in his eyes. He reached out and
hugged me to him! Oh, God! To feel those strong, masculine arms around me,
I thought I would faint!

"No, little buddy!" Ty husked in my ear. "It's just like being home again!
You don't know how much this means to us!"

Letting go of me, they walked over and sat down at the table. I went to the
kitchen and started bringing out the food. There were exclamations from
them over each dish I brought out. They waited for me to sit down before
they dug in.

Ty was sitting on my right and Tim was on my left. Domingo was across the
table from me. For a moment as I watched them dig into the food, I thought
I hadn't enough, but there seemed to be.

"I'm sorry. I didn't have any wine to serve with this but I'm too young to
buy it." I apologized.

"That's ok!" Ty said. "If I'd known you were going to do all this, I would
have gone with you to get it. Hey, Dom!" he looked over at Domingo.

"Yeah?" Domingo lifted his face from his plate - which he hadn't done since
he started eating.

"Get your face out of the trough, man, and run over to our place and get
the rest of the beer, huh?" Ty said.

"Sure thing!" Domingo said and got up and literally ran out the door.

He was back in a few minutes with beer for all of us. I decided it was not
a good idea for me to have any more because I didn't want Mom to come home
and find her son passed out drunk! I went to the fridge and got a coke. Ty
noticed but didn't say anything. He just gave me a knowing smile that said
he understood.

"So when does your Mom get home from work?" Ty asked me.

"Not until tomorrow morning. She's pulling a double." I said.

"So what are you going to do tonight?" he asked.

"Oh, I've got a movie that I want to see. LETHAL WEAPON. It has Danny
Glover and Mel Gibson in it." I said.

"Yeah, I heard about it when it was out, but I didn't get to see it." Ty
said.

"You want to watch it with me? Unless you have something else to do?" I
looked down at this, I didn't want to seem to excited.

"Nope! These guys played around all day and they still have lots to unpack!
I don't have all the crap they do, so I'm done. I'd love to."

My heart soared and I looked up and gave Ty a huge smile, which he
returned.

So after dinner, Tim and Domingo went back to their apartment and Ty and I
sat down in the living room to watch the film.

"Ah...maybe I better go over and take a shower first, Brian. I'm still all
sweaty from all that moving." he said as we sat down on the couch.

"You don't have to do that, you can take a shower here." I said.

"I don't want to impose, Brian." Ty said.

"It's not imposing! I'll get you a towel." I said, getting up and going to
the linen closet.

Ty went into the bathroom and I brought him a towel. When I walked into the
room, he'd already stripped and stood there gloriously, beautifully naked!
My breath was taken away. I was stunned by him. His beautiful, soft cock
hung about six inches soft and was uncut like mine. His balls were huge and
hung in a sack covered in what looked like soft, blond fur. I just stood
there staring, the towel in my hand and Ty just stood there, a gentle smile
on his face and let me look. I finally came to my senses and looked up at
him, my face turning bright red. But he only smiled at me and reached out
for the towel.

"Hey, it looks like this shower's big enough. Why don't you join me. You've
been running around all day and did all that cooking. I'm sure a shower
would feel really good." Ty said softly.

What the fuck was he saying! Ty, this gorgeous hunk of a Marine was asking
me to take a shower with him! I couldn't believe my ears! This couldn't be
true! Dreams don't come true like this!

Ty moved towards me and grabbed the bottom of my t-shirt, pulling it out of
my jeans and over my head. I opened my jeans and slipped them off along
with my shoes. I didn't have any underwear on so with this I was as naked
as he was. He looked down at my body and I heard a soft whistle come out of
his mouth.

"Damn! Where the fuck did you get a piece of meat like that?!" he asked.

"I guess from my Dad. It's about all he ever gave me." I said. "He left us
when I was three and we haven't heard from him since."

As I said this, Ty's eyes moved from my groin back up to my face. I saw his
eyes soften as he looked at me.

"I'm sorry, Brian. The sad fact is that a lot of guys are real
assholes. It's kind of endemic to the sex! But how he could leave someone
as cute as your are is beyond me." he said, his smile growing brighter.

Cute? Did he just say I was cute?! Nobody's ever told me I was cute!
Well...except my Mom, but you know mothers! You can't believe them about
stuff like this.

"I'm not cute!" I said. "I wish I was."

"Don't argue with me!" Ty said smiling. "I say you're cute - you're cute!
Ok?"

And saying this, he stepped forward and put his arms around my waist,
hugging me to him. Like it was the most natural thing in the world, I
slipped my arms around his neck and hugged back. Oh, God! How good it felt
to be in his arms! I felt my cock getting rock hard between our bodies. But
at the same time, I felt Ty's hard cock rubbing against mine! He looked
down at me and then brought his mouth to mine and softly kissed me. I
thought I would faint! I couldn't believe what was happening!

"You're trembling, Brian." Ty said "If this isn't what you want, I'll
stop."

"No!" I all but screamed. "I want this! Oh, God! You can't know how much I
want this. I'm just scared."

"Why? You're not afraid of me, are you?" Ty asked.

"No! I've just never done anything like this before! I've wanted to
forever, but I was always afraid to." I admitted.

"Somebody as cute as you are is a virgin?!" Ty said, is voice betraying his
eagerness.

"Yep! Never been kissed." I said. "Well, not until just now." I added
quietly.

Ty leaned down again and pushed his lips against mine. I felt his tongue
licking at my upper lip demanding entry. I opened my mouth to him and his
tongue invaded my mouth. This Marine knew how to hit a beachhead and hold
on! I sucked on his tongue and moaned as he held me. Ty finally broke the
kiss and took his arms from round me. He reached up to his neck and took my
hand and led me to the shower.

He adjusted the water and then got in, pulling me with him. Under the
rushing water, he took me back into his arms and again started kissing
me. He was such an incredible kisser! I never wanted his mouth to leave
mine as I plunged my tongue into his mouth and tasted him from the first
time.

Again he broke the kiss and he reached for the soap and began to soap my
body with his hands.  He started at my chest, gently pulling on my
nipples. That was a shock to me! I'd never known that my nipples were
sensitive! From there his hands moved down my flat stomach to my groin
where he soaped my dark pubic hair and balls. I moaned at this intimate
touch and my cock, which was hard as a rock, was leaking pre-cum like a
faucet! Ty took my hard cock into his hand and began to gently stroke
it. But just for a minute. Then his hand dropped down and he was gently
holding and massaging my balls. I was in heaven! I'd never felt anything
like his hands on my body.

Ty put his hands on my shoulders and turned me around. He told me to lean
forward with my hands on the tile wall. As I did do, I felt his hand come
around me and he again massaged and pulled at my nips. A moan escaped my
lips and I could hear a soft chuckle come from behind me.  Ty was evidently
having fun showing me all the places on my body which could be excited. His
hands moved from my chest to soap my pits. He stroked his fingers through
the soft hair there and again I moaned at the touch of him. Next, his hands
moved to my shoulders and he began to lather and massage my back. Now my
groans became very loud as he kneaded the muscles in my back, relaxing me
and making me feel so good! Never had I been touched like this and I
couldn't get enough of it!

Ty's hands moved lower and lower on my back until he reached my ass. I
didn't know if he would stop or not. I took a chance and kind of pushed my
butt back to let him know that, if he wanted to go farther, I was all for
it. He chuckled again and I know I blushed at my own wantonness because I
could feel my face heating up. His hands began to slowly knead my butt and
I was lost in the feeling of his hands. He slid his hand into my trench and
I felt his finger gently stroking up and down finally finding my tiny,
puckered opening. His fingertip worked around in the bud and began to
gently press forward. I tried to relax and just kind of automatically
pushed out and I suddenly felt Ty's finger slip into my hole. The feeling
was incredible! I had no idea that my ass was so sensitive or that
something going 'in' could feel so good.

He slowly worked his long finger deep inside me as I stood there moaning
and then I suddenly felt him stroke something deep inside me that almost
caused me to lose my load against the tile! Fuck!  What the fuck was
that?!!

"That's your prostate. Your 'joy button'" Ty whispered in my ear as if he
could read my mind.

"God! Ty! It feels so good! You feel so good inside me!" I breathlessly
moaned.

"Just wait until I'm really inside you!" Ty answered.

Really inside me? Oh, my God! Did he mean what I thought he meant? Was he
going to fuck me in the ass! With that huge cock of his! It would never
work! He'd split me in two! At this point, I guess he could feel me tense.

"Don't worry, Bri, I won't hurt you. I promise you'll love it." he assured
me.

I don't know why, but I instantly relaxed. I believed him. I somehow knew
that he would never hurt me. I started to feel something though that was
even more troubling to me. And it wasn't a feeling in my groin. It was a
lot higher. I was starting to have some very strong and warm feelings for
Ty which had nothing to do with sex. Dreams suddenly flashed in my head of
spending my life with him. But I quickly pushed them away! I was being
stupid! I'd just met him. I didn't even really know him. And surely, he
wasn't going to fall in love with me. I doubted that anyone ever would.

He slowly withdrew his finger and moving close began to lick at my neck and
my ears while he wrapped me in his arms and caressed my body with his soapy
hands. I snuggled into his arm and moved my body against his. I could feel
his hard cock pressing into me and knew that somehow I was pleasing him.

"Your turn, now." he said.

I turned in his arms and he continued to hold me. He leaned down and kissed
me passionately while his throbbing cock pressed against my body. He broke
the kiss and stepped back handing me the soap.

Washing his beautiful, muscular body was the single most exciting thing I'd
ever done up to that point in my life. Running my hands over the soft skin
and feeling the steel beneath caused my cock to drip like a water faucet. I
let my hands travel everywhere - his chest, his abs, his shoulders and
arms. I even took his hands into mine and washed each one, lingering over
each strong finger.  Then I finally moved down to his cock. I soaped his
pubic hair and felt the strength of the base of his erection. I let my
hands move down until I was gently holding and massaging his balls in their
furry sack. He groaned as I did this. I looked up and my eyes were met with
his. In them I saw a look of such desire, such horniness, that I knew I
couldn't linger much at this or he would lose his load right here in the
shower. And I didn't want it to end here.

I stroked his cock a few times, pulling the foreskin down and catching a
whiff of his cock-cheese.  It was a strong, manly smell and it intrigued me
because it was so like my own. I'd never smelled it on another male before
so I had no idea that it would smell the same. I washed it away and put my
hands on his hips to turn him around. He turned and rested his arms on the
tile wall and let me have at his backside.

I massaged the muscles in his back, feeling their incredible strength. My
fingers moved in ways that I had only dreamed of being able to touch
another male. I was evidently doing the right things because he was soon
moaning as much as I had.

"Oh, God! That feels so good, Bri!" he moaned.

I smiled to myself. I was giving him pleasure! I was so happy because that
is all I wanted to do. I hesitated but decided that it was ok for me to
move on. I slipped my hands down to his perfect 'bubble butt' and began to
try and massage the muscles there. I say 'try' because the muscles were so
strong that I really had to dig to massage them - accompanied by more moans
from this beautiful Marine. As he had done, I slipped on hand into his
trench and felt the slight dusting of hair which lined it. I, too, began to
stroke my finger up and down the furry crease until I found the opening to
his body. I put my finger against it, wondering if it was ok for me to
press forward.  That question was answered when Ty moved back against my
finger and his ass seemed to swallow it up. I found myself with my finger
embedded completely in his ass. And while it was warm and tight, I could
feel that one finger was not adequate. I slowly slipped my finger out of
his hole and pressed forward again with two. Soon, Ty was moaning my name
and giving me directions.

"Oh, Bri! That feels so fucking good! Yeah! Dig in my hole! Do you feel
that hard thing up in there? Yeah! That's it! Stroke it!" He moaned as I
continued to massage his 'joy button'.

"You'd better stop." he finally said, looking over his shoulder at me. "I
don't want to cum like this!"

I agreed. We quickly rinsed the soap from our bodies and then dried each
other off and, this time, I took his hand and led him to my room and to my
bed.

The End of Part 1 of THE MARINE NEXT DOOR

If you like the story, please write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com. Please don't
make plot suggestions as by the time you read this, the entire story has
already been written.

If you want to have a complete listing of my stories on NIFTY (the ONLY
place I post them) write me and I will gladly send it to you.

And if you're reading this on NIFTY (more especially if you're not) please
consider making a donation to the site to keep it operating and free!

Thank you,

RimPig