Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Mon, 12 Jun 2017 11:56:45 +0000
From: Chris Johns
Subject: Gabriel Ch 8

Gabriel Military Adventures
Chapter 8

Nothing changed very much for another year. The new C.O. proved very good,
nurturing his young officers. He felt a greater responsibility towards the
officers that had been abused by his predecessor in consequence of which,
Gabriel, and Danny Glover made first lieutenant ahead of schedule. The
first Gabriel knew of this was when the C.O. sent for him.

"Come in Gabriel, sit down."

Gabriel was caught on the hop with that. The normal would have been to
stand in front of the C.O. and salute.

"Oh, thank you, Sir."

The C.O. smiled.

"Gabriel, I'm extremely pleased with your performance since your nasty
experience with my predecessor. I think it would be a good idea to promote
you early and take you into headquarters as my assistant."

Gabriel was speechless while he considered the implications of this
statement. The C.O.'s assistant was almost always a senior captain who
would expect promotion if he did the job well. What could he expect if he
did a good job of it?

"Thank you, Sir. I don't know what to say. Am I really ready for that job?"

"I think so. You have shown amazing promise since that nasty incident and
Sergeant Isaacs never stops singing your praises. Incidentally, I'm
promoting him to Staff Sergeant and seconding him to your office. Between
the two of you I expect great things."

"Thank you, Sir. I will try very hard not to let you down."  "I know you
will, Gabriel. The appointment is effective immediately. Report to Captain
Stirling, he will remain with you for a week while you take over his job."

Gabriel was almost in a daze. He went to stores to pick up all his
1st. Lieutenant's pips and epaulets before going to see the captain.

"Come in Gabriel. You must be a very smart officer to get this job. I'll do
everything I can to make the transition smooth because I have the feeling
you may well be my boss one day."

Gabriel blushed.

"Thank you, Sir. But I doubt that. Thank you very much for saying so
though."

Stirling smiled and patted Gabriel on the shoulder.

"Come along then let's get started."

Robert Stirling was a very smart and fit officer. He worked out frequently,
and unlike some of the senior squadron officers, trained with the men as
well, joining whichever troop was exercising when he wanted to. He was
considered to be a good guy, if a little uptight.

"I understand that your experiences with the old C.O. weren't all bad
Gabriel."

Gabriel blushed and stuttered out a reply.

"No Sir."

"Well, why don't you accompany me back to my quarters? I have some of the
books there that you will need to take over my job. You can study those for
a few days and then I will call you in to understudy me. We have a little
time now, perhaps you would like to show me and tell me about a standard
session in the old C.Os. quarters."

Gabriel blushed.

"That was all a little embarrassing, Sir."

"Oh I'm sure it was, but I'm sure that you won't mind this once. It will be
of tremendous help to you if I am enthusiastic on the handover period."

Gabriel knew exactly what that meant and wondered if Robert was another gay
officer. He wouldn't mind really, but it would be embarrassing.

Robert didn't pretend, they walked straight through to his bedroom.

"I assume that the first thing you had to do when you were in the office
was to strip naked, so, why don't you do that for me."

Gabriel did, very slowly until he was down to his 2xist Tanga.

"Stop there, Gabriel. Just stand with your legs spread and your hands
gripped behind your head."

It was embarrassing, Robert walked all-round Gabriel stroking his body. He
cupped each butt cheek and squeezed. He then moved round the front and
stroked the cloth clad cock until it was very hard and poking out the top
of the Tanga.

"Slip that off now Gabriel and resume the stance."

With his cock now hugging his belly, Gabriel looked incredibly sexy. Robert
stood in front of him and stroked his penis at the same time cupping his
balls and playing with them. Gabriel felt very hot and Robert was grinning
as he continued to stroke him wandering up to his chest to tweak the
nipples as well.

"I presume that at some point the boss used to get you to undress him and
go down on him, correct?"  Gabriel gulped and replied.

"Yes, Sir."

"And then I suppose he fucked you?"

"Yes, Sir."

"Good. We won't change anything. Why don't you undress me as well and let
me feel your sucking skills."

Robert grinned then and spoke before Gabriel could touch him.

"You need not do any of this if you don't want to, Gabriel. I was just
being wicked and so wanted to see you naked and erect. You are, after all,
the sexiest officer in the regiment."

Gabriel didn't mind at all and grinned as he replied.

"I think I would like to continue, Sir. I always obey my seniors with
enthusiasm."

Gabriel was good and showed it.

Robert was soon ready to orgasm but pulled off and stood up.

"On the bed now, Gabriel, on all fours. Spread your knees very wide and
drop your head and shoulders onto the bed. Use your hands to spread your
cheeks more and don't move again until I tell you."

Gabriel could feel the hands stroking down the crack and fingers worrying
his anal entry. Robert went round to his head and he was told to suck three
fingers and make them very wet. Those three fingers were introduced to his
arse before Robert told him to remove his hands from his cheeks. Robert's
free hand was now used to stroke and squeeze those cheeks.

"You have a very sexy arse Gabriel, I shall thoroughly enjoy burying my
little Robert in it. I know I can do that because Major Inman told me you
were gay and had a young lover from your troop, Peter Sarsted isn't it?"

`So the old Adjutant is gay as well', was Gabriel's thought. He gasped but
replied.

"Yes, Sir. "

"Well, you will need a private as an assistant in your new job. I see no
reason why it shouldn't be Peter. In fact, I'll send for him now to see if
he would like the job."

Gabriel pleaded to get dressed before Peter arrived.

"Don't be silly. Chain of command and all that. I will need to try him out
to make sure you are both acceptable. In fact I'll send for John Inman and
we can both try you out to make sure you are acceptable."

Gabriel realised then that Peter would probably witness him being fucked by
Stirling and Inman. That would be a definite no, no by choice, but what
choice did he have, he had agreed to obey Robert no matter what.

Robert called both men and then returned to Gabriel.

"Alright Gabriel. Lay your torso on the bed, spread your legs wide."

He felt the lube being pushed into his arse and looked round as he felt
Robert's cockhead press against his anal entry before slipping over his
sphincter. It felt good, but the good feeling disappeared when the door
opened and Perter walked in, closely followed by John Inman.

Peter looked in amazement as he saw Robert's cock sliding in and out of his
lover.  "Come in Peter. We are just assessing Lieutenant Clarke for his new
job. If you would like to work with him all the time we will assess you as
well."

Robert didn't last long and had a mighty orgasm in Gabriel, pulling out
after a couple of minutes.

"He is very good, John. Would you like to go straight in?"

"Mmm, I'll just let young Sarsted get me well lubricated with his spit
first."

John stripped and Gabriel had to watch as Peter went down on him for a few
minutes before he moved to behind Gabriel who held his breath waiting for
the penetration. John was even bigger than Sergeant Isaacs.  `Oh my
God. He'll split me in two with that monster, and he'll damage Peter if he
tries him as well.' was Gabriel's thought.

He felt the head pressing against his sphincter.

"Relax, Gabriel, you know I don't want to hurt you."

Gabriel liked Major Inman so he tried to relax. The cock head slid in and
then John started penetration because he could feel how relaxed Gabriel
was.

"Oh gosh, Sir. That feels amazing."

"That's good. I'm going to pull out now though and I want you on the bed on
your back. Sarsted, get naked and then get on your knees either side of
Gabriel's head and hold his legs back and wide so that I have my hands free
to play."

He slid back in and Peter gasped as he saw the monster slide into
Gabriel. It looked incredible.

Gabriel loved to play with Peter so, while John fucked him he guided
Peter's cock into his mouth to suck on gently. The Major was obviously an
expert because he managed to make Gabriel cum at the same time as himself.

"You have no idea how much I have wanted to do that Peter, ever since the
old C.Os. mess. You are a quite extraordinary sex toy. Now however, when
Robert has tried Peter I intend to as well."

Gabriel sat up as John pulled out.

"With all due respect, Sir. I can't allow you to bugger Peter. He is too
small and I'm sure you would hurt him and possibly damage him."

"What rank are you Gabriel?"

"I'm only a lieutenant, Sir, and I know, you are a Major, but you see, I
love Peter very much and despite your rank I won't allow you to hurt him."

John looked at Robert.

"I think we ought to be very careful Robert. This young man is confident
and self-assured enough to end up as our boss one day."

"Yes, I agree. Perhaps we should retire and consider our further actions."

The two senior officers walked through to Robert's sitting room and Gabriel
took advantage of their absence to explain what had happened and why.

"I don't mind if both of them fuck me. I'm sure I would be alright. I did
take Sergeant Isaacs and the major isn't that much bigger."

Gabriel took Peter in his arms and gave him a toe curling kiss. Bad timing.
The two other officers re-entered at that moment. Both boys had returned to
an erect state as they kissed.  "We are willing to give you both all of our
support, Gabriel if you will allow me to fuck you once more and the Captain
fuck Peter."

Gabriel sighed and looked at Peter who nodded.

"Ok, Sir. We will accept that, but you must be incredibly gentle with He is
the best thing that has ever happened to me and I want that to continue."

All four of them were then grinning.

Result half an hour later was the two youngest were coated in a huge amount
of cum and had more oozing out of their arses.

**********************

Three years later Gabriel was promoted captain and on his 30th. Birthday
promoted major. Peter had remained with Gabriel and was a corporal.
Sergeant Isaacs was the quarter master sergeant, one step from the
regimental sergeant major which he made before he retired. Gabriel, Issy
and Peter continued to have threesomes for many years, but Robert and John
had no more sexual experiences with the others, they both made general
officers and helped Gabriel obtain the same result after he commanded the
regiment for several years.

On retirement, Gabriel and Peter set up home together and continued making
love well into old age.

The End
**********************************

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Wed, 7 Jun 2017 13:32:47 +0000
From: Chris Johns
Subject: Gabriel Ch. 7

Gabriel Military Adventures
Chapter 7

Smith may not have been the brightest star in the firmament, but he wasn't
stupid either. When he got back to his barrack room he thought about that
session.  Gabriel had not made Peter do anything horrible except the finger
licking, but he realised he hadn't actually seen that and wondered if Peter
had done it. Also, Gabriel had, on several occasions called Peter by his
first name.

When Peter walked in, Smith grabbed him and walked him out again so that he
could confront him in private.

"You didn't do that because you had to did you?"

Peter tried to bluff.

"Of course I did. I raped Sir the same as you did so he punishes me as
well."

"I didn't see any punishment, and I don't believe you licked fingers that
had been in my arse, which is pretty disgusting."

"Yes it is, but I didn't see you being backward in making Gabriel lick your
cock after it had been in his arse."

Smith was losing control of this argument so he did the only thing he could
think of. He grabbed Peter in a half nelson, marched him behind one of the
blocks. Took his trousers down and fucked him dry. Orgasm finished, Smith
just walked away, leaving Peter crying with pain. He managed to make it to
Gabriel quarters without being seen and showed Gabriel his arse.

"Smith has just raped me because he thinks you and I are doing things
voluntarily."

Gabriel coated Peter's insides with a soothing and anaesthetic cream before
tucking him into his bed.  "Sleep Baby, I'll wake you to go to your
barracks when you need to."

Gabriel was almost beside himself with anger as he had Smith paged to
report to Lieutenant Clarke on the double.

He hardly had time to close the door when he was inside Gabriel's study
before Gabriel was on him.

"Get you clothes off, all of them."

Smith was scared now, he had never seen anyone as angry as Gabriel was at
that moment.

"Now prostrate yourself over my desk, face down, legs spread wide."

Gabriel took some rope from a cupboard and tied Smith's legs and wrists to
the four legs of the desk, pulled tight. He grabbed an old sock and a tie
which he used to gag Smith.

When the paddle landed for the first time on his arse, Smith was bug eyed
with shock. He had never felt pain like it. When the second one landed he
almost broke his restraints the shock and pain was so intense. The third
one was just too much and he just collapsed. His whole body went
limp. Gabriel took some gel and after stripping he put a condom on and
lubed it before entered Smith for a long slow fuck. Orgasm complete,
Gabriel went round to Smith's head, took off the condom and removed the gag
and before forcing his softening cock into the boy's mouth he spoke.

"Close your lips tight around my cock, Smith. I am going to piss in you. If
you spill one drop I will complete ten with the paddle with the same amount
of power behind them."

Smith was terrified.

Gabriel started to piss. He started off slowly because he knew he couldn't
give Smith seven more strokes of the paddle without rendering some
damage. Smith got more used to the swallowing so Gabriel sped up a
little. Piss completed successfully, Gabriel released Smith and let him run
for the bathroom. It was a totally broken boy who returned to the office.

"You may dress and go now. If I ever hear of you bullying or forcing
unwanted sex on another person, again, I will have you back in here and I
will destroy you."

Smith dressed and ran. Gabriel returned to his bedroom, slid on to the bed
next to his baby and just cuddled him for a couple of hours before waking
him gently and sending him back to his barrack room. The parting shot was
better than any cream or medicine.

"I love you, Peter, so much."

Gabriel went to bed that night, content with his life.
****************************** Gabriel left Peter alone for the next few
days to allow the damage to his anus to heal. Then he broached the subject
of a mini orgy with a soldier with a huge cock.

"It's at least ten inches long, Peter, carried on the most stupendous body
I think you will ever see. You can elect to be a top or bottom with him,
and you can watch him fuck me as well."

Peter was hard just thinking about it and Gabriel couldn't resist. Even
though they didn't have much time, he dropped Peter's trousers and pants
before giving him a very quick, but satisfying blow job. Huh, every blowjob
was satisfying.

"I can see you like the idea. Shall we say at 2000 tonight? Usual internal
clean, just to make sure nothing spoils it."

 Peter was grinning as he almost bounced out and back to work.
************************** Issy was not the happiest man that evening when
Gabriel told him a third party would be present and taking part.

"The third party will be Private Sarsted. I know what you are going to say,
Issy, but I have developed a great affection for Peter. There is no chance
that he will let anyone else know our secret."

Grinning like an idiot, Gabriel continued.

"You will still be able to fuck me, first, it's just that you'll do it with
an audience, and you might even get to fuck Peter if he feels brave
enough."  ********************* Gabriel made sure his quarters were clear
of all his personal equipment. He sniggered thinking that this was the
first time for ages that all of his gear was stowed in its proper
place. His bedroom was clear with the bed stripped to just a bottom sheet
and his pillows. His lounge was neat and tidy and his office area was
cleared of all his papers, once again stowed properly. His desk was clear
apart from the sets of rope he had used on Smith.

Peter arrived first and was sat comfortably in Gabriel's lounge when
Sergeant Isaacs turned up. He looked a little peeved having a private in on
this situation.

"Come in and sit down Issy.  Let me tell you how it is going to work
tonight. I would like you to take charge and use Peter and I like slaves in
the same way you did with me when we had our little play time. The only
restrictions are these. The paddle may only be used on me. You can only
fuck Peter's butt if he agrees. If you use his mouth, please be gentle with
him. I can tell you that Peter wants to watch you fuck me and I'm more than
happy with that."

Issy grinned at that comment and Gabriel joined him.

"In other words, I want you to really enjoy this the same as you did last
time, and for Peter to have his wish. The paddle is here because I realise
that you may feel a little resentful at me exposing you to another witness
of your penchant for gay sex, and want to punish me for it. Happy with that
Issy?"

Isaacs grinned.

"Totally Gabriel. Now my two delightful slaves I want you both naked. I
assume you are both cleaned and showered."

Gabriel and Peter nodded.

Naked and stood at display in front of Issy he just looked at them for
ages.

"Now I want you to turn round slowly and keep turning until I tell you to
stop."

Each time the turn had them facing Issy, both young men looked at his groin
and saw the monster pushing out the front of his trousers. After a few
minutes Issy stopped them and stood up.

"Ok, Peter you can have the pleasure of exposing my body. Undress me as
erotically as you can. If I am dissatisfied in any way Gabriel gets paddled
as I can't paddle you."

Gabriel nodded thinking how clever that was. He knew as well as Issy that
Peter would pull out the stops because he wouldn't want him punished.

Gabriel could see how much Peter was enjoying himself playing with the
sergeant and he smiled. It was like looking at the face of a small boy who
had just been let loose in a sweet shop. Issy must have felt it as well
because it was only a few minutes into the blow job when he stopped Peter
and looked at Gabriel.  "You lucky bastard. This boy gives head like I've
never had before. His mouth is almost as good as your arse, which I'm now
going to take for a quickie."

Issy wandered through to Peter's bedroom and pointed to the bed.

"On there Slave, on your back. Peter, hold his legs back and wide. If you
kneel and position yourself so that the slave can suck your cock that
should be good."

Issy started opening up Gabriel as soon as he was in position.

"No finesse for this one, Slave. I am just going to unload the first dose
of my ball juice for you."

For some reason, Gabriel didn't look at all upset. He looked up at Peter's
face and grinned. The boy was looking, mouth agape, as Issy's fingers
started reaming out his lover. Only a few minutes elapsed before Peter
nearly fainted as he watched Issy's cock slide slowly into Gabriel. Issy
bottomed out as Peter had a mighty orgasm spurting all of it down Gabriel
throat almost making him choke.

"Oh my God. I have never seen anything that erotic in my life."

Peter pulled out of Gabriel mouth and realised what he had done. He almost
screamed an apology and started sobbing as he did so.

"I'm sorry Gabriel, I'm so sorry. Oh, please forgive, please don't stop
loving me."

Issy and Gabriel were both gobsmacked at the total disintegration of the
little cutie. Issy pulled out straight away allowing Gabriel to take Peter
in his arms and cuddle him.

"It's ok my Lovely Boy. I am so pleased that our actions are such a turn on
for you. I love being spit roasted and your sperm is as sweet as any nectar
nature created. I love you Peter, you are never going to do anything wrong
for me, and Issy will never do anything to really hurt or humiliate me."

Peter looked between the two and then addressed Gabriel.

"But I just used your mouth as a receptacle for my cum."

"Yes, and I would have been very upset if you hadn't. Now, can we get back
to Issy showing you an artist at work reaming out my butt?"

Peter giggled.

"Yes please."

One minute later, Issy was sliding in and out as though he had never been
interrupted, and Peter was having his cock sucked again.

"I could quick fuck you ten times a day, Slave, and still get an erection
on thinking about fucking you."

"And I could take that even if I was sore after it."

Issy had a gut wrenching orgasm a few minutes later.

"I doubt there is another arse in the world as incredible as yours
Gabriel. You could become a serious problem for my equilibrium if we did
this very often."

Gabriel could see that Issy was serious, but wrong in his book.

"I know an arse that is better and if he will allow it you can try it
tonight."

Issy looked at Peter who was nearly in shock.

"You don't mean that Gabriel, do you?"  "Oh yes, and some."

"Well I don't mind, if you say so, Issy can fuck me, but please Sir, be
gentle with me won't you. That cock looks like a lethal weapon."

"If I do this Gabriel, I want to make love to him not just fuck him."

"That's ok. I'll just make myself comfortable and watch."

What Gabriel watched for the next hour was something that was never
repeated in his life. Issy took nearly an hour before he had excited Peter
enough, and opened up his anus to take his monster, before he actually
introduced it to Peter's anus. There was a slight spike of pain as the head
went over his sphincter, but after that, Peter just sank into the mattress,
totally relaxed as Issy penetrated the whole way, eliciting a small squeal
as he went into the large intestine. Thereafter Gabriel was crying with
pleasure watching his little lover slide off to nirvana. He kept looking in
amazement at Issy as well. This big butch sergeant also had tears in his
eyes as he fucked Peter to several orgasms for both of them. When he pulled
out, gently, he rolled sideways and then pulled Peter onto him and started
kissing him quite passionately. A few minutes of that and when he stopped,
he realised Peter had fallen asleep. Rolling him off and making sure he was
comfortable, Issy sat up on the edge of the bed to look at Gabriel.

Gabriel was blushing because his chest and just about everywhere else in
his vicinity was covered in cum. He wasn't sure how many orgasms he had,
mostly no touch ones, but he was a mess. Issy didn't appear to notice.

"That boy could take my sanity, Gabriel. You are an incredible lover and I
never expected better, but I could become a life time slave for this
boy. He is absolutely exquisite to make love to."  Gabriel could only nod,
what other response was there for a statement like that.

"I would love another orgy with you two, but not including penetrating
Peter."

"Yes please. We can think of other things to do I'm sure."

Issy nodded, went to clean up and redress.

"I'll leave you to look after the boy. I'll clear it with the duty sergeant
if you want to keep him here for the whole night."

Gabriel had to show his appreciation of that action. Sleeping with Peter
all night would be wonderful. He hopped out of his chair. Keeping his yukky
body clear of Issy's he still managed to plant a seriously affectionate
kiss on his lips.

"Thank you Issy, I will definitely owe you for that."

Gabriel went to clean up then and brought back a warm cloth to clean Peter
as well. He put the top sheet and a blanket back on the bed and slid in
alongside Peter who came awake before Gabriel could turn the light out.

"I have to go, Gabriel or we will both be in trouble."

"No we won't. You are clear for the night. Now sleep my angel."

Peter sighed, turned over and spooned into Gabriel.

"I love you so much."

And then he was asleep again. It took Gabriel longer because he was
thinking about how lucky he was. Peter was divine and Issy was just so
exciting. How could he be so lucky?

************************************

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Mon, 5 Jun 2017 22:05:19 +0000
From: Chris Johns
Subject: Gabriel Ch. 6

Gabriel Military Adventures
Chapter 6

The next time his military duties allowed it, Gabriel summoned Sergeant
Isaacs to his quarters.

"Come in Issy. We have about two hours before either of us needs to be
somewhere else. I want you to treat me like a slave for that time. The only
action cast in stone during that time is that you must fuck me with that
monster between your legs."

Issy was delighted. He lusted after this gorgeous young officer like no one
else in his life since discovering he was gay at 14 years old. Now he could
indulge his every whim with him.

"Very good, Slave. You can start by getting naked, and then doing the same
to me. Remember, it has to be as erotic as possible."  Gabriel was out of
his uniform in seconds, and then had Issy in the same state almost as
quickly. The sergeant was already sporting a monster hard on and Gabriel
was the same.

"Now, douches and shower."

Back in Gabriel's lounge again and Issy made himself comfortable in an
armchair.

"Make love to my body now, Slave. Anything less than superb will get you a
sore arse."

Gabriel had no problem with that action. He caressed the body and showed
his burgeoning ability at blowjobs by giving Issy a mind blowing orgasm.

"Not bad, Slave. You must have a natural ability to be this good after such
a short time. A little too eager for my cum though, I think. You could
afford to spend a little more time exciting my glans, and there is no
reason why you can't take that magic tongue back far enough to rim me as
well. I will expect that next time, and to cement it in your brain I am
going to ginger up you rear end. On your bed, doggy fashion, legs well
spread, head and shoulders on the mattress."

Issy stood at the end of Gabriel bed and just looked at the view for ages
before doing anything.

`This boy has the most incredibly sexy arse I have ever seen', was his
thought as he eventually moved to the side, sat on the edge of the bed and
stroked Gabriel's cheeks for a little while before letting his fingers
slide down the valley to the anus which he worried but didn't penetrate. He
continued down across the perineum to caress the balls before moving back
to the cheeks which he stroked for a minute before landing a slap on each
cheek in turn. Ten in all, but just hard enough to make Gabriel wriggle a
little trying to avoid them. The tingle that the beating set up had Gabriel
as hard as he could ever remember. Issy then slid on to the bed and spread
Gabriel cheeks before leaning in and licking his anal entry.

"Oh God, that feels incredible."

Issy grinned and stabbed at Gabriel's anus with the point of his tongue
before licking all-round the entry hole and then sliding a well-slicked
finger in and striking the prostate. Gabriel was moaning with the pleasure
of it, and Issy's cock was rock hard again. He kept up the tongue work for
maybe fifteen minutes. He kissed the entry, licked it and used the point of
his tongue to keep spearing it. He spread the cheeks as far as he could and
managed to tongue a little of the soft pink skin at the entrance to the
anus. That was too much for Gabriel, and he had a massive orgasm. Issy
didn't even hesitate in what he was doing, now starting to finger his toy
boy until he had all five digits fucking and rotating. His free hand was
roaming all over Gabriel arse and groin, manipulating the balls, slowly
masturbating the cock to bring back its hardness. When Gabriel was panting
again Issy lubed his cock and Gabriel arse before placing his glans against
the entry point.  "Push down Little One and relax, I'm going in now."
Gabriel was as relaxed as it was possible to be, he wanted this more than
any other sexual act he could think of. He also had a smile on his face. He
was six feet tall so being called `little one' tickled him. The sergeant
was only an inch or so taller than him, but admittedly he had a bigger
body. Issy slid in gently eliciting a big sigh of contentment from Gabriel.

"Oh, Issy, that feels like heaven. All the way please."

Issy leant back and delivered a slap to the top of each cheek.

"I'll decide when you get all of me. You just make sure my little brain is
taken care of."

`Your little brain feels as though it might be as big as your big brain',
was Gabriel thought, but he wasn't prepared to push his luck and say so. He
just wallowed in the absolute pleasure of that 12 inch monster as it
pistoned in and out of him. He tensed and relaxed his gluts so that he got
even more pleasure from it, as did Issy. Wanting to last forever inside
this amazing young man, Issy was disappointed when only five or so minutes
after entering Gabriel he couldn't hold it and after just four hard, deep
thrusts, he had the most incredible orgasm he had ever experienced. As his
pumping almost resembled a convulsion, he also squealed in pain because it
felt like a vice was squeezing his balls. He so wanted to remain inside
Gabriel after his orgasm, but the pain and his own exhaustion precluded it
so he pulled out gently, rolled sideways and then pulled Gabriel on top of
him.

"I intended to be really wicked with you Gabriel, but after that I don't
think I could. I have never orgasmed like that in my life. You are without
doubt the sexiest boy I have ever made love to. No wonder the C.O. was
going to set up a V.I.P. programme for you, he saw what I didn't until
now. You are exquisite. Can I take over the C.Os. role? I'm sure I could
get �500 a session for you."  Gabriel came up off Issy's chest to look
in his eyes before laying back down and replying.

"What a good idea, I could earn more than my army pay."

Silly didn't take a hold because Issy could feel Gabriel getting another
erection.

`God, these kids recuperative powers are astonishing.' Was his thought.

"You can do what you like you like to me now, I'm too wiped out to be
active."

"Oh good, can I just open you up and fuck you?"

Issy was an anal virgin, but he could refuse this boy nothing, not because
of the hold Gabriel had on him, but because he was just too gorgeous and
likeable.

"Take it easy as you enter me. I've never had a cock up there before."

Gabriel was amazed and determined to make the first time a memorable
experience.

Like the rest of his body Issy's butt was to die for being tightly
muscled. Even with his legs well spread his anus was only just
visible. Gabriel realised it was very much like Brandon's. He had a
gorgeous butt as well.

Gabriel didn't time it, but when he recalled the action later he thought he
had probably taken nearly half an hour playing before he buried his
rampantly hard cock in between Issy's cheeks. He spent a long time just
stroking the cheeks and running his fingers down the crack to worry the
anus before continuing through to play with the balls and pressure stroke
the perineum. When he started using his tongue he couldn't enter at all so
he started gentle fingering until Issy loosened up enough for Gabriel to
get his tongue in a little way and lick the entry skin that was so
sensitive. When he had Issy moaning with pleasure he increased the number
of fingers until he had four going in and out and rotating. The hole was
looser now so Gabriel went in again with his tongue, using his thumbs to
hold the lips open. When Issy was so turned on that he started pushing his
arse back to take more of Gabriel, he lubed them both and entered slowly
and gently, not having to stop at all as he felt that Issy was totally
relaxed. He fucked him gently for a few minutes before turning him over and
taking him to orgasm in the missionary position. Gabriel loved to watch
that monster cock shoot an impressive load considering how many times and
how violently he had orgasmed inside Gabriel.

It took Issy a long time to calm down, but when he did his first words made
Gabriel laugh so hard he nearly had convulsions.

"Don't you ever dare make love to me like that again, ever, ever, ever."

Then he too laughed.

"I'm serious, a repeat of that I'm sure will take my sanity. You are
without doubt the most incredible young man I have ever come across. Men
twice your age who have been gay since puberty can't compare with you."

Gabriel was so pleased. He had to tell his sergeant why.

"I was only that good because I have such huge respect for you, both as a
soldier and as a lover."  *************************** That comment sealed a
friendship that endured until Regimental Sergeant Major Isaacs retired from
the army taking his leave from the Commanding Officer, Lieutenant Colonel
Gabriel Clarke.  ********************************** Gabriel felt he needed
a couple of days to recover from that session before seeing Peter again. He
truly felt quite drained.  Issy had agreed, reluctantly, to allowing Peter
to take part in a threesome sometime and that was where Gabriel's planning
was headed. He also thought about Private Smith. He had been unnecessarily
rough and nasty to Gabriel.  He had escaped any kind of prosecution because
no one had actually thought about the four boys who had seen Gabriel and
Glover face to face, but still taken advantage and therefore in official
terms, raped them. Gabriel was going to use that to take a mild revenge on
Smith. He sent for him, and he still came across as cocky, and although not
coming right out and saying, `I have fucked you, Sir, so you are really my
pussy boy', it was there in innuendo. Gabriel took it until Smith
effectively dug a hole for himself.

"When you saw Lt. Glover and myself without masks, what did you think?"

Smith grinned and replied.

"I thought now was a chance to show some hoity toity officers how much more
of a man I am than them. I fucked you for that sole purpose," long delay
and then a sneering, "Sir."

"Yes that was my take on it and why I was amazed that you were never
pursued for rape. But, I have had the chance to think about that more. I
talked to the adjutant about it and he thinks I would be quite within my
rights to have you charged with rape because our identity had been
compromised."

Gabriel knew this was all so much bullshit, but Smith didn't.

"I have decided however to give you the opportunity to save yourself from
about ten years in a civilian jail. You will submit to me for a period of
two years, whenever I want to take a sexual advantage of your body. I will,
of course invite friends to take advantage of you as well, but in general
your reputation will remain intact. You will sign a paper agreeing to all
that, and then you can go and I will call you when I want a rough fuck, and
at times vent my bad humour by plastering your arse with a paddle."

Smith blustered for a while but then signed the necessary document that
Gabriel had previously prepared. Now he was set. He had Peter for loving
sex, Issy for raunchy sex and Smith for rough sex. He thought that should
take him through to retirement no problem. He would use him with Peter but
not Issy because Smith didn't know Issy was involved and Gabriel wouldn't
risk the Sergeant's reputation having saved it himself.

The last thing Gabriel did in his preparation for all this good sex was
brief Peter before Smith could get to him.  *****************************
"Peter, I have made Smith sign a confession that even after he knew who I
was he still raped me. I've told him he'll go to prison for ten years if I
ever decide to prosecute him. You must tell him that I've done the same
with you. Then I can have you both in together for some really slutty sex,
using Smith's body anyway we want. I won't let him loose on you, except to
give you blowjobs."

Gabriel was grinning as he said the last bit and Peter did the same.
************************ "Smith and Sarsted, you know why I've sent for
you, don't you?"

Both young men nodded their heads, stood at attention in front of Gabriel
in his bedroom.

"You have done what I asked?"

Again both boys nodded.

"I want verbal answers in future, no nodding dogs. How many douches did you
need before the water ran clear?"

Both boys blushed and replied in turn.

"Three, Sir." From Smith.

"Two, Sir." From Peter.

"Good, because you are going to do the taste test on each other's anus
sometime during this session."

They both turned their noses up in disdain.

"Now, Sarsted, undress Smith. Make it as erotic as possible because I want
him erect by the time he is naked.

"On my bed now, Smith, on your back."

Smith looked quite smug, because he did have a decent sized cock and it was
very hard.

"Legs in the air and spread. Let's have a look at the hole that is going to
be filled. Hold your legs further back and wider."

Gabriel had seen it before, but he was just starting to rack up the
humiliation on Smith.

"Get your fingers slicked up, Sarsted, and starting at one, fuck Smith with
it and increase until you have four going in and out."

Smith looked gutted and started to bluster about being the only one
naked. Gabriel just told him to shut up.  It looked very erotic causing
Gabriel to get an erection and he could see that Peter had one as
well. Smith obviously hated having Gabriel watch him being finger fucked.

"That's enough, Sarsted, stand and face me. Now lick your fingers clean and
tell me what they taste like."

Smith couldn't see that Peter only put them to his mouth, but not actually
in it.  "Oh, yuk, not very nice, Sir."

"Smith, you obviously didn't do a very good job of douching. Fuck yourself
with two fingers and then lick them clean, tell me what they taste like."

Smith complained bitterly that it was a disgusting thing to ask.

"Yes it is, but if you don't do it I'll ask Sarsted to deliver ten hard
swats to your arse."

Smith did it.

"Good. Now you can undress Sarsted. On the bed when he is naked and I want
you to fuck him with two spit slicked fingers."

Peter looked surprised but didn't complain. He loved being fucked,
preferably by Gabriel's cock, but fingers felt good as well. Gabriel only
allowed it to go on for a few seconds before speaking again.

"Now lick your fingers and tell me how it tastes in comparison to your own
arse."

Smith hated it and whined that he was getting the worst of the treatment.

"That's because you were the nastier of the two of you when I was the
passive one. I am going to let Peter fuck you now, as gently as he fucked
me before I fuck you like you fucked me. Then you can really see, and feel
the difference."

"I don't want you to kiss him or anything like that Peter, but I want you
to show Smith how to fuck for both of your pleasures. Make sure he has a
good orgasm."

Gabriel was going in straight after Peter knowing that Smith, after an
orgasm would not feel so horny and a rough fuck would be that more
unpleasant. That was exactly how it worked. Peter fucked doggy fashion, but
gently. Gabriel fucked in the missionary position because he was going to
cum over smith's face and chest before making him scoop up all the cum and
eat it.  Both fucks completed and Gabriel had Smith doggy fashion again and
told Peter to give him ten hard slaps.

"If you are soft with him I will give you twenty with the paddle."

Now Peter had a good reason to deliver the slaps how Gabriel wanted
them. Smith was howling by the time Peter stood back, grinning.

"Alright Smith, get dressed and fuck off. You can stay Sarsted, I need you
to pleasure my cock before I stick it up your arse."

Smith disappeared very quickly and Gabriel took Peter to bed and made slow
passionate love to him.

"I do love you, Peter. Making love to you is such exquisite pleasure."

Peter preened. He never expected his sex and love life to be this good.

With a pat on his bottom and a soft kiss on his lips, Peter let his little
lover out.

"I'll call for you again when I can."

That was good enough for Peter.

************************************

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Sat, 3 Jun 2017 12:16:21 +0000
From: Chris Johns
Subject: Gabriel Ch. 5

This is the fifth of eight chapters. I thought it was fun writing it and
knowing that it would be available for free to all nifty readers, but
please remember that it costs money to keep the site open.

Please donate to nifty even if it is only a few dollars.


Gabriel Military Adventures
Chapter 5

In the provost marshal's office, Gabriel recounted everything he knew from
his first strip in front of the C.O. all the way through to the end. He
also produced the list he had typed for the boss. Danny Glover recounted a
similar story, as did the other officers on the list. All second
lieutenants, all under 20 or just 20 and all good looking.

It was deemed that all of the boys on the list had not done anything
illegal, they just thought they were paying the C.O. for rent boys. They
were told there would be no prosecutions provided no mention of this was
made, ever again. Thus protecting the reputations of the officers
concerned.

"Peter Sarsted would be a good source of information on how the boss got
hold of the gay guys and set this whole thing up. He is also a good lad and
didn't abuse me even though he had plenty of opportunity. He probably won't
talk to you without me present because that was what I told him. I didn't
want him getting into trouble by saying the wrong thing."

The meeting went as planned. Peter answered all the questions after getting
the nod from Gabriel, and they left the admin block together. On the way
out the adjutant gave Gabriel the camcorder DVDs.

"These aren't needed by the prosecution, Gabriel. You can do what you like
with them. You may like to give the other officers their ones as well."

And then he winked. Gabriel thought was, `Christ, is the adjutant another
one of us. He must realise that I am going to watch them all before I give
my fellow officers their copies'.

"Come with me Peter, I want a word in private."

They went to Gabriel's quarters and Peter was sat on Gabriel's bed while he
took his desk chair.

"Are you really gay Peter?"

 "Yes, Sir, and when it was legal to be gay even in the military I knew I
could join up. I always wanted to be a soldier."

Gabriel laughed, "Me to, and I had no idea I might be gay until a few days
ago. Now that I know, and have played, I know that I like guys a little
younger than me, and you top my list at the moment. I also like huge cocks,
which I know sounds like I'm a bit of a slut, and truth, I might be but I
don't have much experience. Now that you know a little about me do you
think I could undress you and give you another blowjob?"

Peter was more than a little surprised, but he nodded, and Gabriel was
almost crying with pleasure, being able to touch this little hottie. The
boy had elfin features, very well developed pecs, developing abs and a
pretty cock that Gabriel started to work on. He slipped up the bed after a
little while and kissed Peter on the lips.

"You won't ever tell anyone about this will you?"

"Oh no, Sir, I think you are super nice and what you are doing to me is the
best I have ever had."

Gabriel smiled.

"I'm not very experienced, but if you will let me I'll gain loads of
experience with you."

Two young men were grinning at each other as Gabriel slid back down the bed
and sucked his little friend to orgasm.

"When you come again will you let me penetrate you?"

"Oh yes please. I enjoyed doing it to you but I'm much happier being a
bottom."

Gabriel couldn't believe how lucky he was. This little lad could become a
perfect lover for him. Another few kisses and Gabriel checked all was clear
outside before letting Peter go.

"I'll talk to you again when all the dust from this has settled."

"Thank you, Sir, I'll come any time."

Gabriel felt quite pleased with himself. He thought Peter was seriously
cute and looked forward to making complete love to him next time.

A week later, the Adjutant sent for Gabriel.

"Come in, sit down Gabriel."

Sat comfortably in the office, Gabriel got a shock.

"The DNA from your anus showed up two people had buggered you, the C.O. and
Lieutenant Baxter. Sergeant Isaacs is off the hook on that, but if you
testify against him, he will almost certainly get the same punishment as
the others."

Gabriel thought quickly. The sergeant's cock was something special. `If I
had the upper hand I could have that whenever I wanted it, and that
gorgeous arse as well,' he thought.

"I'd like to think about that, Sir. He is a first class N.C.O. and the
regimental boxing champion. We don't really want to lose him do we, and he
didn't do any harm, just doing what the C.O. ordered and had done before
him."

The adjutant was surprised, but sportsmen in the regiments were treated
special.  "Very well, Gabriel, I'll leave the decision in your hands."

"Thank you, Sir."

The adjutant patted his bottom as he left, making Gabriel wonder again
about his sexuality.

That was it. Gabriel sent for Sergeant Isaacs after he had typed out and
printed a confession for Isaacs to sign.

"Come in Sergeant, sit down."

Isaacs looked warily at Gabriel. He hadn't been arrested but he knew he
should have been.

"Read this, and then I have a proposition for you."

Issy looked up at Gabriel after he had finished it.

"If you sign that, I will keep it secure and you will escape prosecution
for your part in the sex ring. Your payment to me for that will be to act
the part of a slave whenever I want you. Your rank and position will be
protected but I will use you and abuse you anyway I like."

Isaacs was a career soldier and could expect to become a warrant officer
quite soon, at quite a young age. His kudos within the regiment would be
very high, and he wanted that. He signed it. Gabriel was delighted.

"Very simply Sergeant, I am going to let you continue my sex education, and
I will reciprocate, putting your teaching into practice. I will expect to
feel your man rammer tickling the back of my throat and keeping my anal
passage open for business."

Gabriel was grinning and Isaacs joined in.

"I will also involve you with other members of the regiment, but all sworn
to secrecy."
 Issy wasn't too happy with that, but he realised anything would be better
than a court martial so he accepted it with good grace.

"From a complete novice to a cock slut in less than a month. I'm impressed,
Sir, and I can assure you it will be my pleasure to continue your
education. You do after all have the cutest butt in the officer's mess and
maybe even the whole regiment."

"I think Issy and Gabriel would be appropriate when I am under instruction,
don't you?"

"Yes Gabriel, and I know you have ulterior motives for your action, but
thank you for saving my career."

When Gabriel returned to tell the adjutant he had decided not to ruin the
career of Sergeant Isaacs. The adjutant thanked him, and once again patted
his bottom as he left. Looking the adjutant in the eyes Gabriel confronted
him.

"I like that, Sir. Do you bat for the same side as the C.O.?"

The adjutant blushed at first and then grinned.

"Yes, Gabriel, but that will be our secret won't it?"

Gabriel was no fool. When the dust settled he guessed that Major Corcoran
would be promoted and take over the regiment, and the adjutant would be
promoted to major and become second in command.

Now that he had the time, Gabriel isolated a single frame from one of the
DVDs. And printed it. It was, of course, the one of Issy in the shower
sporting his monster hard on. He framed it and kept it in a locked drawer
in his quarters only bringing it out when he was locked in. Peter loved it
the first time he saw it.

 "Oh God, Gabriel. I would give anything to be able to play with that."
"Well, if you really please me I might arrange for a threesome
sometime. Sergeant Isaacs is very accommodating to me. You can see why if
you are feeling really horny because I have the C.Os. DVDs, recorded when I
was being trained to gay sex and those of all the other officers
involved. Again you get to see them if you really please me."

Gabriel was quite surprised at Peter's demeanour and the timbre of his
voice as he replied to that.

"I'll always try to please you, Gabriel. I think you are such a nice
person. I'll do anything for you forever."

Peter did watch the ones with just Gabriel in them and had two no touch
orgasms during the showing, making Gabriel curl up with laughter.

"Oh gosh, I would love to see a live performance of that. A 12 inch black
cock sliding in and out of your cute butt would be fantastic."

"Well, I'll arrange it then because I really like you Peter and want to
please you."

Peter was almost gagging imagining what it would be like to play with that
cock and then watch it being fed to Gabriel.

"I will also let you see all of the other DVDs when I am 100% certain that
you will never disclose which officers were involved besides Lieutenant
Glover and myself."

"I never will, Gabriel, I love you too much."

The moment the words were out of his mouth, Peter looked with horror at
Gabriel.

"Oh God, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to say that."

Gabriel looked at him and knew. He took him in his arms and stroked his
back to calm him down.  "I am so flattered, Peter. I will try very hard to
look after your love."

Pulling away from Gabriel, Peter looked into his eyes.

"Do you mean that, Sir, really mean it?"

"Yes my lovely boy I mean it."

Gabriel thought his ribs had been crushed, Peter hugged him so hard.

"Now, off you go and I'll sort out timings for us to enjoy each other's
bodies."

Peter almost bounced back to his mess, his elation not being missed by
Smith who resented the fact that Lt. Clarke was definitely playing
favourites with Peter.

************************************

Sorry guys, this was another short one. I will submit the next chapter
straight away though to make up for this one.

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Tue, 30 May 2017 07:37:29 +0000
From: Chris Johns
Subject: Gabriel Ch.4

Gabriel Military Adventures
Chapter 4

Everything worked the way Gabriel hoped, but not before some serious sexual
action had been completed.

When he reported back to the office there was just Brandon and the
C.O. They started him towards the old block straight away.

"Just a minute, Sir, what about my disguise?"

"Don't worry, our plans for you make it unnecessary."

Gabriel felt very uncomfortable with this, but what could he do?

They entered room 2 and Gabriel took in the picture immediately.

A man he knew to be Danny Glover was stood in the centre of the room clad
in just an almost identical tanga to the one he himself was wearing. His
head and face were covered with what looked like a similar mask to the one
worn by the king of Jerusalem in a film he had seen. There were four
privates in attendance all wearing athletic shorts and nothing
else. Gabriel knew them all. They were all new to the regiment straight out
of boys training so probably only sixteen or seventeen years old. The boss
walked straight across to Danny and pulled his mask off.

"You and Clarke will now perform for your privates, knowing that they can
let everyone know what you do in your spare time, unless you perform at
maximum enthusiasm and ability when I will guarantee they say nothing."

Danny looked at Gabriel and the look of shame and shock showed
clearly. Gabriel walked to him and whispered.

"Keep your head up Danny, this nightmare should end tonight. I can't say
anymore right now."  The two young officers now faced the four boys and the
boss spoke to them.

"You may call Lieutenant Clarke, Boy, and Lieutenant Glover, Slave. Two for
the price of one tonight and the same rules apply as usual."

That comment meant there were no rules except that the officers had to be
able to walk from the room at the end of the session.

The most dominant of the four stood in front of Gabriel grinning.

"Get your kit off, Boy, apart from your knickers."

Gabriel undressed and stood alongside Danny realising that they were
wearing identical 2xist Tanga, just different colours.

Two privates to each of them, and very quickly Gabriel and Danny were being
stroked and groped until they were hard, then their Tanga's were
removed. Gabriel looked at the boss and Brandon, and noticed that the
camcorder was back in action, better than expected, one on each of them.

The dominant one grinned at Gabriel and spoke again.

"I think you are the sexiest man in the regiment, Boy, and I promise to
fuck you at least twice before we leave, but you can start by giving Peter
a blowjob."

Peter looked very pleased as he led Gabriel by his cock to one of the
chairs, removed his shorts, sat down and spread his legs.

"Suck and play, Boy."

To be honest, Gabriel loved it. It was a little disconcerting having the
other boy stood watching, but he knew that his career in the army was
almost certainly at an end, so he enjoyed this boy. Shorter than Gabriel
and with a real baby face, he found it very easy to pleasure him. The cock
was about six inches long so Gabriel could deep throat him easily, and
while he was doing that he had a hand playing with the balls and the other
stroking the boy's torso gently and erotically. His actions were so erotic
and gentle that the boy forgot himself, stroked Gabriel hair and said very
softly, "Thank you, Sir that feels so good."

Gabriel looked up at him and smiled. A mouthful of cum was his reward for
that. The youngster couldn't hold back from the orgasm. Gabriel remembered
as he swallowed the boy juice that he was Peter Sarsted, similar name to a
singer from way back.

"I'll be ready for you quite quickly to have your rear end."

"Thank you, Peter"

Gabriel was smiling as he said it and Peter blushed before walking away to
watch the other pair. The other lad took his place. This one was arrogant
and obviously loved being able to abuse an officer so he rough fucked
Gabriel's mouth. The cock wasn't too big, but it still hurt as it was
rammed in to its limit. Another load of boy juice and the giver made him
stay on all fours while he went soft and then pissed in Gabriel's
mouth. Grinning like an idiot he told him to go to the toilet and be back
in double quick time. Gabriel was crying as he forced himself to be sick to
get rid of the piss, but ha washed his face in cold water to try to cover
up the fact that he had cried.

Back on all fours the boy played with Gabriel's arse, reaming it out with
varying numbers of fingers and ocassionally slapping a cheek.

"Not so hoity toity now are you, Boy? You'll be even less snotty when you
have my cock up your arse."

Gabriel resented that, he knew he was an officer that treated all the men
with respect whatever their age and rank.

"I am never hoity toity, as you put it, Smith. I don't like snotty officers
any more than you do, and I always treat you, and all the other men with
respect, so don't give me that shit."

Smith obviously resented being spoken to like that, feeling that these two
officers were now lower than him. He left Gabriel to go to the box with
toys in and came back with the paddle that Gabriel had seen earlier, the
one that looked like a miniature cricket back. He had Peter with him as
well.

"I want him in the X frame Pete. I am going to teach him some manners. But
first he can kiss my arse to cement in his mind that he is lower than
me. Then you can watch me rough fuck him."

Smith made himself comfortable on the bed and then swung his legs up and
spread them.  "Hold them in place, Peter so that I'm comfortable. Now Boy,
kiss my arse."

Gabriel got down on his knees and did as he was told.

"Very good, now use your hands to spread my cheeks more and lick my arse,
all-round the hole, and stab it with the point of your tongue as well."

Gabriel thought this might be incredibly sensual if it was being done to
him, but he didn't enjoy doing it to Smith.

"Very nice Boy, now lick across my perineum and let your mouth make love to
my balls before moving up and sucking my cock."

Gabriel could see that Peter had got an erection again and smiled at
him. The kid looked embarrassed getting hard watching an arse licking. He
made a comment that Gabriel was sure was directed at him, not Smith.

"That looks so sexy I can't help getting hard."

Smith grinned.

"When I am finished with him I'll get him working on you while I fuck him."

When that happened, Gabriel realised he was enjoying rimming Peter. He had
such a cute butt and he was patently unhappy forcing sex on Gabriel.

Licking Peter's arse he deliberately spread it as wide as he could so that
he managed to lick a little of the sensitive skin just inside the
anus. Peter squealed with pleasure making Smith angry, so just using spit
he entered Gabriel in one go and fucked him hard until Peter had another
orgasm.

"I'm going to fuck him standing up now, Peter, then I'm going to plaster
his butt with the paddle."

Peter stood and watched his mate fuck Gabriel hard making him wince.

"Take it easy Malc, remember we have him until 0200. We need him
functioning if we are going to enjoy his body."

"Ok, ten now, twenty at the end. He'll be walking badly for the next week."

Gabriel noted that Peter was reluctant to be part of anything horrible, he
was patently a gay boy who wanted good sex, not a sadist out to hurt. When
the rotter pulled out, Peter stepped in and released Gabriel.

"I'm going to have his tail before you make it unusable."

"Alright, but let's get him on his back with his legs well back and wide,
then we can use our free hand to really stretch his anus so that we can
finger him together. I love doing this, it really shows the whores who is
boss."

Gabriel wanted to cry again at this awful humiliation. His knees were on
the table alongside his shoulders and then pulled even wider before he felt
the fingers sliding in and out. He knew which ones were Peter's because he
was gentle. Smith was keeping to his usual rotten self really hurting
Gabriel.

Peter took Gabriel to the single bed again, when they had finished abusing
his arse, laid him on it and then very gently opened him up before
carefully entering him in the missionary position with plenty of lubricant
on his cock and giving him a most enjoyable fuck to orgasm.

Malcolm had wandered off again to watch his other two mates abusing Danny
Glover.

Peter lay over Gabriel and spoke quietly to him.

"I like you ever so much, Sir. I didn't know the C.O. was supplying us gay
boys with officers. He said he just wanted to look after our sexual needs
as they tallied with his own, and he was very sorry he had to charge us. We
thought he was bringing the rent boys in from out of camp."

"Don't worry about it Peter. When this little shindig is busted, if you are
caught, don't say anything until you have talked to me. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Sir, but what do you mean?"

"I can't tell you at the moment, Peter, but remember what I said."

The next action was the most humiliating that Gabriel had ever
experienced. The boys decided it would be fun to watch the two officers 69
and cum in each other's mouths. Smith got in on it as well, fucking Danny
while the two lieutenants sucked each other.

Almost on cue, the door was forced open and the Adjutant came in closely
followed by the Provost Marshall and several military policemen. The
adjutant approached Gabriel and gave him a blanket.

"Get back to the mess Gabriel and dress in uniform and then to the Provo's
office. The same for you Danny."

"Thank you, Sir. This private is Peter Sarsted. Keep him from the rest and
I will tell you all about him. He's a good lad, he shouldn't go down with
the rest of them."

Peter managed a `thank you', before Gabriel left.  On his way out he
noticed one of the military policemen had taken charge of the two
camcorders.

********************************

---

Untitled (Chapter 6)

Date: Fri, 26 May 2017 12:53:48 +0000
From: Chris Johns
Subject: Gabriel Ch.3

Gabriel Military Adventures
Chapter 3

The next day Gabriel was more than a little nervous when he returned to the
C.Os. quarters for what he gathered was to be his final session before
being[CC1] prostituted. He walked into the office and was surprised to see
Sergeant Isaacs talking to the boss. The two of them were still in full
uniform so he felt a little stupid just dressed in athletic shorts and T
shirt with trainers on his feet but no socks.

"Ah, here he is Sergeant. You know Lieutenant Clarke, don't you?"

"Yes Sir, he works out ocassionally when I am in the gym."

The sergeant sprang to attention and addressed Gabriel.

"Good afternoon Sir, you look ready for the gym."

Gabriel blushed and stammered out a reply.

"No Sergeant, I am dressed like this at the Colonel's request."

"Ah, I understand, Sir."

Turning to the colonel the sergeant spoke again.

"The lieutenant is my trainee for today, is he Sir?"

"Yes, he is. You can start anytime you like."

Turning back to Gabriel he looked him up and down before speaking.

"I think you are the sexiest officer in the regiment, Sir, so I'm going to
be very diligent in making sure that your performance is up to scratch
before we leave here this afternoon. So that there is no doubt about who is
in charge you will address me as Master until we leave, and you will answer
to the word Boy. Is that understood?"

Gabriel looked shocked and turned to the C.O. for confirmation.

"Yes Gabriel. The sergeant is my chief trainer. When he has used your body
for his pleasure while instructing you, he will pass judgement about your
suitability for commercial use. You will be graded and the higher your
grade the better class of client you will be given."

"Now Boy, T shirt, shorts and trainers off and placed by the door."

Brandon slipped in as Gabriel did as he was told.

"Sorry I'm late Sir. Lieutenant Glover gave me a bit of trouble. He didn't
want his group of clients for tonight, said they were pretty rough with him
last time. They are all young privates and apparently they got a bit
disgusting. I reminded him of your DVD collection and he eventually calmed
down and got ready."

"Well done Brandon, we'll bring him in for some corrective training
tomorrow. It will be good for Gabriel to see how we treat objects that get
rebellious."

Gabriel blanched as he realised that he would now be classed as an object.

The sergeant walked round Gabriel once he was back in place with just his
little 2xist tanga on. He was acutely embarrassed. Everyone else was in
full uniform and he was wearing about six square inches of cloth held
together by not much more than pieces of string.  The sergeant stood in
front of Gabriel looking him straight in the eyes started to stroke his
torso.

"If you move, Boy, you will be punished. If you ever move without being
told to when you are an object, you will be punished."

Gabriel thought he must be in the middle of a nightmare. Sergeant Isaacs
was the regimental light heavy weight boxing champion, and was in Gabriel
troop. He was used to the sergeant being totally subservient to him despite
the disparity in their ages and experience.

"Now then Boy tell me what it feels like having me stroking your body."

By the time the master had finished speaking one hand had moved to stroke
the area covered by the pouch of his tanga.

Blushing almost purple with embarrassment, Gabriel replied.

"Very sensual, Master."

"Good reply, Boy. Now remove your tanga and hold it high above your head
with both hands."

Again he complied, but the sergeant was obviously not satisfied because he
walked to the side of Gabriel and landed a quite hard slap to one cheek of
his arse. Gabriel jumped, and received another one on the other cheek.

"You will always acknowledge an order with, 'Yes Master'. Do you
understand?"

"Yes Master."  "Good, you will also not move if you are struck, unless
ordered to do so. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Master."

Isaacs gave him another slap on the arse and Gabriel managed to remain
still even though this one hurt like hell.

"Good Boy. Now you may undress me leaving my uniform neatly folded over the
chair with my socks and boots stowed underneath it."

Gabriel was very careful undressing the sergeant and tried not to make eye
contact because he didn't want him to see the despair in his eyes. He
wasn't upset about the sex because that had been very thrilling up to now,
it was the humiliation of being treated like an object, and having the
C.O. and Brandon fully clothed and watching, the C.O. brandishing the
camcorder as usual. How could he have got himself into this position so
quickly was his thought as he completed the task? He stood back and looked
at the sergeant who just nodded and spoke again.

"Bathroom now, Boy, you can shower me."

Gabriel was instructed on how the sergeant wanted to be cleaned, including
his anus.

"Soap up one finger and insert it in my arse. Move it round to make sure I
am clean because you will rimming me later."

Gabriel didn't have a clue about rimming but he did as he was told and
rinsed it thoroughly with the handheld shower head. When he moved round to
the front again he looked down and saw that Isaacs was already sporting an
absolute monster cock. Of course he had heard all the rumours about the
size of Negro appendages but took most of it with a pinch of salt, but now
he was mouth agape in surprise.

"Don't just look at it, Boy, clean it."

Very tentatively Gabriel soaped it and the balls, washing them as
thoroughly as he had done the back. He was sure it grew another inch and it
was definitely harder. It felt like a rod of steel and he blanched when he
thought about that entering his arse, which he was sure it would. When he
was sure he had washed everywhere and rinsed it all he stood back. Isaacs
had a smirk on his face as he told Gabriel to get down on his knees and do
his feet. That action was even more demeaning to Gabriel than washing the
man's arse.

"Now lick them to make sure they taste nice."

The psychology was working exactly how Isaacs had planned.

`Clarke is a very self-confidant young officer, Issy, it will be a shame to
change that, but we must I think because he is so stunning he will make us
a fortune. We are going to make sure he loses his anonymity early. The lads
will want a piece of him every night then.'

That was the comment the C.O had made before Gabriel had entered the
office.

Thoroughly cowed now, Gabriel dried them both and then followed Isaacs back
into the office.

The C.O. and Brandon were sat in comfortable armchairs moved to one side of
the office leaving the centre, the desk area and desk chair in the
clear. The boss had cleared his desk as well so that Issy could use it.

"Now, Boy, lay across the desk, spread your legs wide and move them in
close. What you are going to get now is a demonstration of what you can
expect at the end of this workout if you are anything less than superb.
Issy fingered Gabriel for several minutes increasing the number of fingers
until he had all five on one hand moving in and out and rotating. Then,
quite suddenly he stood back and plastered Gabriel butt with six hard swats
of his hand making Gabriel howl in pain. Moving round to sit in the desk
chair, Issy continued.

"Now Boy, on your knees in front of me, and I want the best, most erotic
blowjob you have ever given."

The sergeant had the most superb body Gabriel had ever seen and he realised
that the admiration he felt towards it was more than just a physical
picture. He genuinely felt turned on by what he was looking at and now
feeling. The result was that he had sprung a solid erection, not missed by
any of the three witnesses.

"Stand up, Boy. Tell me why you have an erection."

Gabriel was blushing and almost fainting with embarrassment.

"Tell me the truth. If I think you are lying I will administer twenty
strokes of a punishment paddle."

"I think you have the most stunning body I have ever seen, Master."

"So you're a little queer boy and want me to fuck you?"

"No, Master, I just think your body is incredibly sexy."

"Flattery will get you nowhere so get back to your job."

Gabriel returned to his knees and started stroking the sergeant's body. His
brain was hurting with the thoughts running round it. He hated being
subservient, but the body he was caressing felt amazing. He slicked up a
hand to work on the balls before easing the monster away from the
sergeant's tummy and licking it, tip to base, before concentrating on the
glans. For the next fifteen minutes or so he concentrated on trying to deep
throat Issy's cock. Of course he couldn't get even close the thing had to
be nearly a foot long and quite thick as well, but he was so thrilled
having it in his mouth.

`Oh my God, I must be gay to enjoy this', was the thought that came
crashing down around him and he burst into tears.

"What the fuck is the matter with you, Boy? Why are you snivelling like a
baby?"

Gabriel looked Issy straight in the eyes and replied.

"I have just realised that I am enjoying this, so I must be gay, and I
don't want to be gay."

The C.O., Brandon and Issy all just folded up laughing.

"I think my plans will be easier to put into action than I thought, Issy."

"Well in that case, Sir. I think we should extend this session and take him
to room 2 and he can spend some time with Glover and his band of animals."

"I think not. I want him to see Glover punished tomorrow, and then he can
join Glover who we will use again with a new group of juniors. You can
finish him off here today. Let him blow you to orgasm and while you
recover, ready to fuck him, Brandon and I will open up his arse."

The boss and Brandon got undressed and were ready for Gabriel as soon as he
had a mouthful of Issy's cum.

"Over the desk, Boy, your legs well spread and close in to the legs."

"Yes, Sir."

That came out automatically, Gabriel didn't want any more spanking.

Job done and Gabriel felt the hands and listened to the comments. His
cheeks were stroked and then spread.

"That anus looks ready for more action, I'm pleased we opened him up gently
and gradually. He will last much longer with any of the groups."

While the boss was speaking Gabriel felt a finger enter him and move
around. It was so erotic, but the humiliation kept him from getting an
erection. They continued to play, and finger fuck him for ages, always well
lubricated.

"Alright Brandon, in you go and I'll follow you."

The C.O. walked round his desk and offered up his cock to Gabriel.

"Suck on that, Boy. You won't need any more lubrication then when I fuck
you."

Being spit roasted was quite an incredible sensation and Gabriel cried
again. He was so turned on with having a cock in each end he just knew he
was gay, there was no other explanation that fitted. He felt Brandon
jettison the contents of his balls before falling forward and whispering in
his ear.

"You are the most exquisite fuck I have ever had, Gabriel. Thank you."

Gabriel just continued sucking the boss for a few more seconds before he
went round to take over fucking. Issy then re- appeared and issued
instructions.

"Lucky boy. You can now use your hands as well as your mouth and show me
why you shouldn't get another beating."

Gabriel realised he was in heaven sucking this monster cock as it gently
face fucked him while he used his hands to roam over the silky dark skin
and play with the balls that were encased in what felt like gossamer. He
used his tongue extensively feeling the glans and the ridge at its base as
it slid in and out of his mouth.  Another load in his bottom and the final
fuck here was on his back on the desk. Brandon and the boss taking a leg
each and watching as Issy eased his monster into Gabriel. The boss had the
camcorder in his free hand and was delighted later when he saw the
resulting video. Initial pain made Gabriel gasp and he got another serious
jolt of pain as the cock entered his large intestine. Then the slow fuck
started. It was sensational and Gabriel couldn't believe the feeling as he
could have told you where, in his inside, the tip of the cock was
lodging. He was so embarrassed as he started to orgasm, continuing in an
almost continuous stream as Issy had his orgasm. Then Issy got
disgusting. Round to Gabriel head and he had to lick the monster clean as
it went soft. To complete his humiliation he felt Issy start to piss in his
mouth. He took it because he had no choice, but as soon as he was released
he ran for the bathroom and brought it all up. He was looking scared as he
returned to the office.

"Quite excellent, Gabriel. You may dress now and go back to the mess. I
would like you back here tomorrow, to join Lieutenant Glover and witness
his punishment before joining him for a session in room 2 of the old block.

Gabriel talked to Danny Glover the next day to find out what was going to
happen.  "I'm caught in the same trap as you, Danny. I have to witness your
punishment tomorrow and then join you for another evening as an object. I
just wondered what to expect."

"You won't like any of it, Gabriel. Punishment can be brutal, but if I'm to
perform tomorrow night I will probably only have to endure a mild
session. Two guarantees are at least one bladder load of piss and Sergeant
Isaacs cock in my arse. I might have to take a paddling, but it will be
mild."

"So you've been punished before?"

"Yes, I'm not gay and some of the boys can get pretty brutal and
disgusting. I balk ocassionally and they tell the C.O. so I get punished."
Gabriel spent a miserable day wondering what he would have to put up with
this evening.  C.Os. office the same as the day before and all of the same
people were there plus Danny.

"Right, Glover, and Clarke, naked. Apart from the paddling, Gabriel, you
will receive the same as Glover."

Gabriel watched as all three of the others fucked Danny hard, rendering
some pain it was clear to see. He realised how much pain when he received
the same before both of them took a bladder of piss. Danny received ten,
not too hard strokes of the paddle and completed his punishment by licking
the feet of Brandon and the Sergeant before kneeling in front of the boss,
dropping his head to touch the floor and apologising before being told to
return to the mess and be back in ninety minutes for the evening's
entertainment.

Gabriel ran, straight to the sick bay where he got hold of the base surgeon
and asked for the adjutant to be called.

"Sir, before the adjutant gets here would you take swabs from my anus. I
have just been raped and I want you to have DNA to prove multiple
penetration. When the Adjutant gets here I will have a story to tell you
both."

Job done with the doc and Gabriel sat with him and the adjutant telling
them the story of his last week. Tale complete and he told the adjutant
what was going to happen in 90 minutes time.

"If you get hold of the provost, Sir, and some of his military policemen
you can get proof of the C.Os. antics, because I am sure he and Lieutenant
Squires will remain to watch Lieutenant Glover and myself fucked by several
regimental gays."

The doctor wasn't surprised at the action that was going on because Gabriel
wasn't the first officer needing attention to his arse, but not willing to
tell him why. What shook him was that the C.O. was the leader of this coven
of evil men. He was also surprised that Sergeant Isaacs was the trainer. He
felt guilty then knowing that he was going to lose the sergeant's cum
sample. First class N.C.Os. were what made the army and he wasn't going to
see the regiment lose this one, particularly as he was also a boxing
champion.

Job done and Gabriel returned to the mess to get showered and cleaned out
ready for the next session which he hoped would be interrupted very soon
after he was involved, and be his last forced sex.

*************************************************

---

Untitled (Chapter 7)

Date: Wed, 24 May 2017 04:09:10 +0000
From: Chris Johns
Subject: Gabriel Ch.2

Hey Guys, I sometimes forget that to keep a site like nifty up and running
costs money. If you read my stories on Amazon it will cost you several
dollars for one. Nifty gives you more than 150,000 for free.

Don't you think they are worth a few dollars of your money? Or pounds, yen,
Aussie Dollars, Thai Bhat, etc.

Donate now to keep this site free for all.

Gabriel Military Adventures
Chapter 2

Gabriel could hardly contain himself all of the next day. He was so excited
at the thought of some more amazing sex with the C.O. He sniggered as he
thought about it, betting with himself that there wasn't another regiment
in the British Army that had a C.O. that dished out sex as punishment. He
wondered how many more of his fellow officers had been buggered by the
boss.

Work finished and he almost ran to his quarters to get showered and
changed. He walked into the C.Os. quarters and went straight through to his
office. He stopped dead in the doorway, not believing what greeted
him. Brandon Baxter, who had joined the regiment with him was stretched out
on the couch, stark naked and sporting a grin and a hard cock.

 "Come in, Gabriel. You know Brandon, of course. He has been a naughty boy
often enough to now be a very practised sex hound. Today you are going to
be working on him, and vice versa with me choreographing it and teaching
you at the same time."

Giving Brandon the once over again, particularly his hard cock, Gabriel
grinned and spoke.

"I think I might be able to show some enthusiasm for that, Sir."

"I'm pleased to hear that. Now get rid of your clothes and kneel down so
that you can suck Brandon's cock. I'm going to instruct you in how to give
excellent head before I let Brandon loose on your rear end so that I can
teach you to be a good bottom boy."

This all sounded very exciting so Gabriel didn't waste any time getting
naked. The C.O did the same so that there were now three naked erect cocks
to be seen.

"Now, lift Brandon's cock off his tummy and lick it all over, top and
bottom. Do that until it is quite slick with your spittle and then do the
same with his ball sac, using a free hand to gently masturbate him.
Gabriel looked up at Brandon's face while he was doing it and saw the same
grin that had been there when he walked in.

"That feels very good, Gabriel, you have very soft hands."

Gabriel was pleased and felt even better when the C.O. patted him on the
head and spoke to him.

"We'll turn you into a first rate sex toy before we are finished,
Gabriel. An industry all by himself, Brandon, don't you agree?"

 "Mmm, another few days of instruction and he will probably command top
dollar."

They both laughed and Gabriel thought it was just their little joke so he
didn't get upset. He just continued what he had been doing, swapping round
on command.

"Now use your right hand to start caressing Brandon's body, play with his
nipples as well. Come up on your knees and spread your legs wide,
Gabriel. I'm going to start working on your bottom so that Brandon can move
to fucking you when I have you ready."

Gabriel was getting really excited now. Brandon's cock was yummy and he had
no problem thinking about it invading his arse. The boss was very gentle
opening him up and he could feel it each time another finger was added
until the boss told him.

"Well done, Gabriel, you have all five digits of my hand inside you. I'm
going to fuck you with them for a few minutes, rotating them to open you up
more. Just relax and you'll be ready for Brandon to fuck you and cum in
your arse."  The stimulation from the arse play and the boss playing with
his cock and balls as well was fantastic.  Brandon spoke then.

"I'm going to sit up, Gabriel, and change to fucking your face instead of
letting you blow me."

This was new and exciting for Gabriel. Brandon got a little aggressive
fucking his face but he didn't worry about it because he quickly learnt to
deep throat him and Brandon was giving him time to breath before plunging
back in.

"Well done, Gabriel. Now, stand up, open your legs wide, but place one of
them up on the couch on your knee. Bend forward and you can use a hand to
play with yourself."

"In you go, Brandon. Nice long strokes, gentle pace to start with."

Brandon didn't need telling twice. He was a very enthusiastic fucker,
particularly where Gabriel was concerned. He had lusted after this boy from
the day they met at Sandhurst as cadet officers.  Gabriel didn't find it a
particularly comfortable position but didn't complain. He worked his
muscles as directed by the boss and played with his own cock. He was
surprised how long Brandon lasted before the boss told him he could speed
up and orgasm. Brandon became very aggressive then and hurt with his last
few thrusts meaning that Gabriel didn't orgasm as well, even though he had
been very close until nearly the end. Brandon pulled out fast after his
orgasm, hurting Gabriel again.

"That's very good. Turn round and kneel Gabriel, legs spread wide again and
take Brandon's cock in your mouth to clean off the remainder of the cum."

Gabriel did, but as soon as he had it in his mouth he realised that it had
all the gel, residue of cum and his arse juices on it. He tried to pull off
but Brandon held his head.

"Don't balk at it, Gabriel, do a good job of cleaning it."

He did, but he wasn't very happy when he was eventually released. He was
even more upset when he realised that the boss had been filming it all. Now
he knew why Brandon was allowed to last so long, and why the position had
been so erotic to look at even if it hadn't been for him.

"That was very good for a first lesson, Gabriel. Tomorrow I'm going to let
Brandon blow you and we are going to get you to fuck him."

Gabriel was about to complain until the last bit and then the thought of
being blown and then fucking Brandon, who had an incredibly sexy bottom,
stopped him from doing so.

They cleaned up in the boss's bathroom but instead of dressing again, the
boss told Gabriel to give him a blowjob to check on his progress. Job done,
but Gabriel still hadn't orgasmed and he felt a little
cheated. Particularly when the boss told him he was not to masturbate that
night.

"I want you to be able to summon a monumental orgasm tomorrow to impress
me. I will be filming it again so that we can watch your actions
afterwards."

Gabriel thought this was getting a little kinky but again he said nothing.

Walking back to the officer's mess with Brandon he asked him how he had
become so experienced.  Grinning like an idiot he told Gabriel the truth.

"I'm gay and joined the army because I love men in uniform. I screwed up
early in our time here and the boss, realising I was very experienced took
me in as a trainer for other suitable candidates."

"What do you mean, candidates?"

Brandon grinned at Gabriel before replying.

"You'll find out. The boss has some serious plans for you. He thinks you
are the sexiest officer in the regiment."

Gabriel was obviously pleased with that comment but he worried about what
he was going to be a candidate for.  *****************************
Regimental training the next morning, but after lunch he was in the
C.O's. office doing admin. He was given a list to type and print that had
him intrigued. It had the names of four of his fellow officers, all of them
he realised were second lieutenants, like himself and Brandon, and all
still in their teens or just into their twenties, and all very good looking
Gabriel thought. Alongside each of their names were those of three or four
of the regiment's N.C.Os and privates, and a classroom had been allocated
to each of the four groups. The classrooms were in the old block and were
no longer in general use. Admin duties completed leaving him plenty of time
to douche, shower and change and be back here for his next sex lesson he
thought he would have a look at the old block to try to fathom out what the
groups were going to do there.

Gabriel noted that all four of the rooms allocated on the list had new
doors that locked. Inside the first one he was surprised to see that it was
all clean with powerful lights. There was a doctor's examination table, an
X frame and a sling that looked as though it was meant for a human being
with limb restraints on the support chains. There was a padded saw horse
also with restraints fitted. A low table made up the remainder of the
furniture apart from a single bed and four metal chairs. A long box that
Gabriel opened had a small cricket bat, thinner than a proper one and with
holes drilled in it, a cane, and a few pieces of equipment he didn't
recognise. Poking his head into the other three rooms he was surprised to
see that they were all equipped the same.

Walking back to the officer's mess he wondered what on earth all the
equipment was used for. He had never seen any of it before.

Returning to the C.Os. quarters he soon forgot about his discovery. Brandon
was there again and both he and the boss were already naked.

"Come in Gabriel, we are going to start straight away today because this is
going to be a longer session than yesterday. You can strip for us and then
get comfortable in the armchair and Brandon will give you a blowjob, but
not to orgasm because that is to be saved for Brandon when you fuck him."

Gabriel could live with that.

Brandon got between his legs and took a long time before he even touched
Gabriel's cock.

"Remember everything Brandon does to you Gabriel. This foreplay can make
all the difference to how you can expect to be treated afterwards."

Gabriel loved it. His nipples were played with, his torso stroked and the
inside of his thighs the same. It was all very erotic and his cock was very
quickly straining to be played with. Eventually, Brandon licked his cock
and after a couple of minutes transferred to his balls. With his hand
behind Gabriel balls he had them resting in his palm, Brandon licked them
quite hard moving his tongue all-round them. Gabriel thought he would die
of pleasure. He opened his eyes to see the C.O. with a camcorder filming it
all, but he was so far gone he didn't care, plus he was getting used to
being filmed now. When Brandon moved back to his cock and lifted it clear
of his tummy before taking the glans in his mouth to map it with his tongue
Gabriel thought he had never felt anything so sensual in his life. Brandon
gradually swallowed all of his cock and Gabriel had never been so turned
on. The C.O. spoke then.  "Make sure you remember all this and can emulate
it. You will be doing that to me in a few minutes. If you are successful I
will talk you through a penetration of Brandon. If you carry out a poor job
I will spank you."  Brandon took Gabriel right to the edge before standing
up and grinning at him.

"Do that to the boss and I'll be ready to take your little brain in my
arse."

Brandon took the camcorder from the boss and Gabriel took up the position
Brandon had been in. He guessed he had done a good job when the boss
orgasmed and held Gabriel head so that he had to swallow all the discharge.

"That wasn't very good Gabriel. I'm disappointed. Now, get over my knees
I'm going to spank you."

Gabriel wanted to protest, but he didn't know what to say. He was sure he
had done a good job. He had used his hands well and his tongue, he
thought. Over the bosses knees and he received ten slaps. They weren't
particularly hard but he was still hugely embarrassed, mostly because he
could see Brandon filming it all.  He stood in front of the boss when it
was finished and was shocked when the boss stood up, gave him a quite
passionate kiss and spoke.

"That was really quite excellent Gabriel. I just wanted the spanking for
the film. Now your reward. You can take Brandon in any position you like
and fuck him to orgasm, but I want you to spray most of your sperm over his
body, front or back, it doesn't matter."

The boss talked him through the opening up and entry but then left him to
it. The camera didn't worry him anymore he was just so turned on by fucking
Brandon. He finished up doggy fashion and sprayed Brandon's back with his
discharge, and there was plenty of it.

"That was quite excellent again, Gabriel. We have time, let's watch the
recording."

The filming was very clear. Gabriel realised the camcorder must have been
an expensive one to give such fantastic clarity. The other thing he
realised was that no one else's face was shown apart from his. When he
queried that, the boss grinned and came clean.

"Probably one more session Gabriel and then we think you will be ready for
some money earning sessions and we don't want any problems with you. Do as
you are told and this film stays locked away. Balk against anything we ask
you to do and it will mysteriously appear in the mail at group. You do
understand what I mean don't you?"

Gabriel looked gutted.

"I think so, Sir, you are going to sell me for sex."

"Well done lad that is exactly what we are going to do. Tomorrow we will
have a very stylish mask for you that will disguise your identity so that
your position here is not compromised."

All cleaned up and walking back to the mess Gabriel put it all together in
his mind.

"Brandon, the four classrooms in the old block. They are used for sex
aren't they?"

"Well thought out Gabriel or have you seen them?"

"I saw them this afternoon, and my guess is that my four fellow officers on
the list I typed this afternoon are doing what I am going to do and the men
on the list are perverts from the regiment who are having sex with them."

Brandon nodded.

"Dead right. You know the statistics. 10% of males are supposedly gay,
probably another 5% are bi. That means a possible 105 guys here would be
delighted to be able to indulge in gay sex without having problems. The
nearest big town is too far for nights out so the boss takes care of their
needs for a small consideration. Well, a not so small consideration. The
officer's identities are protected. The ones that are not gay are kept in
line with the recorded sessions like the ones you have had. The limits set
are quite broad, but none of the officers has ever been too damaged to be
on duty the next day. A few sore bottoms, inside and out, the odd queasy
tummy from drinking too much piss, but that's about all."

Gabriel was shocked, but had no idea what to say to Brandon until he had
the chance to think about it.

************************************

---

Untitled (Chapter 8)

Date: Mon, 22 May 2017 15:53:29 +0000
From: Chris Johns
Subject: Gabriel

Like many of my stories, this one starts authoritarian and becomes a love
story. The first chapter is a little short but I will try to keep the
others to a good length. Enjoy, and please let me know what you think of
it.

I have pictures of most of my characters if you would like to see what they
look like.

****************************************************************
Gabriel's Military Adventures
Chapter 1

"Come in, Clarke."

Gabriel had been summoned to the private quarters of his commanding
officer. He knew what that meant. Nothing was said openly about Commanding
Officers Punishment, but there was plenty of innuendo. Alexis Silverman had
a unique way of punishing misdemeanours. Nothing was entered in your
documents, which meant that if you were ambitious you would accept his
punishment. Gabriel was ambitious, he wanted to take up his next
appointment with a promotion. At nineteen he was the youngest officer in
the regiment, and co-incidentally, the best looking. He was every gay guy's
wet dream and ambition leaked from every pore.

Gabriel was an even six feet tall with a classic body. Broad shoulders,
slim waist, gorgeous bubble butt, and a decent sized cock and ball sac. The
muscle definition on his torso was the envy of almost every other member of
the regiment. His very dark, almost black hair emphasized his bushy
eyebrows which brought your attention to almost black eyes that were
captivating. Alexis had been almost praying that the boy would make a cock
up warranting C.Os. Punishment. He had seen Gabriel working out in the gym,
stripped to the waist and knew he was going to have a piece of him. When
the opportunity presented itself he sent for the boy.

Stood to attention in front of Alexis's desk, Gabriel waited for the
judgement.

"Stand at ease, Gabriel and listen up."

Gabriel relaxed and wondered if he was just going to get a ticking off.

"I have been very pleased with your performance since you joined the
regiment. Ambitious young officers please me when I see them move on with a
promotion. For that to happen I like to make sure they have a clean
disciplinary sheet. You know why I have sent for you, don't you?"

Gabriel replied strongly.

"I think so, Sir. A minor mistake on the last exercise."

"Yes it was, but even a minor mistake blots your copy book so I am not
going to write it up. Instead I am going to render my own style of
punishment. We'll go through to my private bedroom and you can undress for
me, completely."  Gabriel thought he was a good heterosexual boy so he
hoped that what was going to happen would just be embarrassing, not what
the innuendo around the officers mess had suggested.

He undressed slowly, not taking his eyes off his commanding officer. He
could see the bulge as Alexis got an erection and he gulped. This was going
to get serious he suspected.

Gabriel always wore brief underwear and today he was wearing a 2xist
Tanga. He liked them because it hardly felt as though he was wearing
anything under his uniform trousers, except that they supported his package
allowing his uniform trousers to hang perfectly on him. His tight trousers
showed no panty line which he thought spoilt the look of some officers
uniforms if they fitted as close as his did. He was about to remove these
when Alexis stopped him.

"Just turn round for me Gabriel."

There was no back to the Tanga, so his bum was bare.

The C.O. stood up and walked round Gabriel. He stood behind him and stroked
the bubble butt making Gabriel gasp. It was very sensual as well as being
embarrassing.

"Any time you want me to stop what I am doing, just say and you can dress
and leave, but then I will have to make a notation on your documents."

`I'm going to let him do anything he likes', was Gabriel's thought.

His cheeks were gripped and played with as well as being stroked. It was no
good, his cock liked the feelings being transmitted to his brain and
started to grow. Alexis moved round to the front and stood back to watch
the pouch of Gabriel's tanga fill. When he was sure the cock was as hard as
it was going to get, he dropped to his knees, slid the covering down and
told Gabriel to lose them. Stood with his feet astride now, Gabriel watched
his boss gently stroke his already very hard cock and play with his
balls. This wasn't what he wanted, but he had to admit it was incredibly
sensual having his cock and balls played with by someone other than
himself. Plus, no girl that he had been with had ever played with him like
this even when they had felt his erection.

Alexis looked up after a few minutes, grinning.

"Very nice Gabriel. Now be a good boy and move to the end of my bed. Lay
over it keeping your feet on the floor and your legs well spread."  Gabriel
knew that in his new position his anus would be on display.  Gabriel

The C.O. moved in close and knelt directly behind Gabriel. He used his
hands to spread Gabriel cheeks more and then just looked at the perfect
virgin anus.

"Confirm you are an anal virgin, Gabriel."

Gabriel gulped, guessing what this question was leading up to.  "Yes, Sir,
I'm, not gay."

Gabriel laughed.

"When I take my hands off your butt, put yours there and spread your cheeks
for me."

Alexis slicked up two fingers and then used them to run up and down the
crack between the two gorgeous cheeks, worrying the anal entry each time he
passed it. He cupped the ball sac in the other hand and just played with
it. A few minutes of that and he slicked his fingers again before using the
middle one to enter Gabriel, very gently moving it around the entrance just
penetrating to the first knuckle. Gabriel tensed, but when he realised it
didn't hurt he relaxed and felt the finger go in all the way and strike his
G spot. That made him jump and subside back onto the bed with a sigh of
contentment, Alexis smiled and added the second finger. He fucked Gabriel
slowly with two fingers feeling the boy relax completely. He struck the
prostate several times but not often enough to make the boy orgasm.

"Do you like that Gabriel?"

Gabriel was torn. He should say no, someone finger fucking him shouldn't be
pleasurable, but truth was, it felt sensational.

"It is very sensual, Sir."

"Yes it is, for both of us. You are a very sexy young man. Now I am going
to make something else feel good for you. Roll up onto the bed on your
back, and keep your legs spread."

Alexis then did what gave him the most pleasure. He played with Gabriel's
cock and balls, giving him a first class blowjob at the same time. Gabriel
was in heaven, this was nothing like he expected. When he thought he could
take no more without having an orgasm, Alexis stopped.

"Roll over again, Gabriel and come up on your knees, keeping your head and
shoulders on the bed. Spread your legs wide again and use your hands to
spread your cheeks more."  Alexis was fast approaching overload. This boy
was divine to play with. He started opening him up more, two fingers was
easy and it didn't take him long to reach four, rotating them as he fucked
him with them. He lubed Gabriel's arse then and his own cock.

"I want you to straddle me now, Gabriel, and at your own pace I want you to
sit over my cock and feed it to yourself."

Alexis could see that this was crunch time.

"A superior assessment could see you collect an early promotion."

Gabriel nodded and carried out the C.Os. order. It was a little painful as
the cockhead went over his sphincter, and he gasped as he was helped to
take the cock over the second barrier.

"Good boy, you have all of me, now fuck yourself on my tool for a few
minutes, long deep strokes."

Gabriel couldn't believe how incredible it felt. He should have been
disgusted, but the reverse was the case. He was rock hard with Alexis's
cock striking his prostate every entry.

"Oh God, Sir, this feels incredible."


Alexis smiled, looking down his body at Gabriel's rock hard cock. It was as
gorgeous as the rest of the boy. Six or seven inches of circumcised cock
with an adequate ball sac.

`If he continues to be co-operative, and even be enthusiastic, I may let
him feed that to me', was Alexis's thought.

"Roll off me, Gabriel and lay on your back. Legs pulled well back and
spread wide."

Alexis re-entered Gabriel then and knew he would not last long now. He
started with long slow strokes and some hip rotation until he could see
Gabriel reaching overload, then he sped up and worked it perfectly that
they started their orgasms almost simultaneously.

Alexis remained inside Gabriel, even as he went soft. He just made sure he
didn't move to dislodge his cock. It felt so good inside this warm tunnel.

"That was quite exquisite, Gabriel. Definitely the best fuck I have ever
had. You are a very sexy young man, and a complete delight to have sex
with."

Gabriel didn't know what to say. He should be disgusted and resentful, but
the reverse was true. He was overcome with the feelings generated by having
a cock in his arse. Eventually he decided to put voice to his feelings.

"Thank you, Sir. That was amazing for me as well. I thought I would hate
everything after I was naked, but the reverse has been true. I don't want
to make any more mistakes, Sir. But would you summon me ocassionally to
educate me into gay sex. I think I would like to be very good at it."

Alexis rolled sideways, sliding out of the boy as he did so. He pulled him
into a cuddle and started stroking his torso.

"I would deem it an honour to do that, as often as we can get away with
it. If I install you as my aide you would have an excuse to be close to me
most of the time. You will still retain your troop. We must keep your
soldiering up to scratch as well."

Gabriel grinned. "I would like that very much."

"Good. We will commence your education on completion of work
tomorrow. Shower, casual clothes and just walk across here. If anyone wants
to know where you are going just tell them you are being trained for
another job as well as troop commander, as a punishment for your error."

Both men grinned and Gabriel was shocked when Alexis leant into him and
kissed him on the lips.

"Off you go Lovely Boy, bathroom to clean up first I think?"
Gabriel did and almost bounced out of the C.Os. quarters.

*************************************************