Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Fri, 3 Oct 2003 10:42:52 EDT
From: Texanuc@aol.com
Subject: Marine Father & Son - Part 12

After a very fun night and a little sleep, we got up and got ready for the
trip to the nude beach.  For some bizarre reason Tim and Timmy slipped into
their micros before putting on their shorts.  Not me!  Freeballing all the
way

We loaded up the car and headed out.  The two Tims were in the front, so I
stretched out on the back seat to enjoy the sun.  It got warm fast, even
with the wind whipping around the back, so I shed my t-top and shorts and
lay down with my cheeks to the sun and catch a few z's.  It was hot to hear
the two Tims chatting while the thumping of the car along the freeway was
rubbing my cock up and down on the leather seat.  Not to mention the hot
sun on my back and butt!.

We were all thrust back to reality when an 18-wheeler pulled up beside us
and blasted out a greeting.  I flipped upright and gave him a clear view of
my erection which got another blast..  We all waved and laughed as he
rolled on past us while we exited to get on down to the beach.  I had to
put my shorts back on to make Tim happy and ready to follow us to the
beach.

After we got to the beach and finally found a parking space, we grabbed our
gear and headed out for some fun.  Tim hadn't been to a nude beach before,
so he was a bit nervous but he had to go along because of Timmy and me..
Once we hit the sand, Timmy and I dropped shorts and put them in the
backpack.  I was naked, Timmy was barely covered by the micro, and Tim
still had his dorky shorts.

Then we surveyed the scene, a nude dude, and micro macho man, and a short
wearing asshole who quickly felt out of place since he was overdressed.
Tim finally shucked off his shorts to reveal his muscular body in its tiny
pouch. ( He told me on the flight back to Texas that his major problem was
being newly hairless, not the pouch).

Timmy and I led the way to the gay section of the beach and set up camp (no
pun intended).  We settled in and got used to the scene, checking out the
men to our right and left.  Tim and Timmy quickly realized that they were
overdressed, so they stripped down to bare all like the rest of us.  Tim
treed to keep the pouch on to maintain his modesty, but Timmy and I quickly
grabbed his side straps and got him nude with the rest of us.

First on the agenda was body surfing, boogie boarding, and playing grab ass
in the waves.  Tim finally lost his erection in the waves.  We had a lot of
fun frolicking in the water, and finally wound up back on the mats to rest
and soak up some rays.  Tim was having a major problem keeping it down
while trying not to watch all the meat swing around him.  What a virgin!

Tim mentioned that he was afraid of a burn and started to spread lotion on
his bare skin.  Timmy and I immediately took over by swatting Tim's hands
away and spreading the lotion all over him.  We went to work massaging the
lotion all over his body and into ever crevasse.  I paid a lot of attention
to his dick as we didn't want it to burn and spoil future fun.

Evidently I paid too much attention to the rod.  Without a moan of warning,
Tim arched up and shot five fat loads of cum into the air.  They fell back
on him, the first shot into his mouth and then falling down his chin and
chest until it finally dribbled out over my fist.  Hell, we couldn't waste
it!  Timmy and I massaged the fresh cream into Tim's skin without a thought
of the PF factor.  I spent a lot of time working the cream under his
foreskin and into his nutsac, making sure that they were well coated and
protected.  Timmy was having a field day playing with his dad's ass,
inserting lotion and cum into his open crack and ramming it up into his
hole.  Needless to say, there was a lot of action back there!

Then I went to work on Timmy.  His lithe body and taut Marine muscles
really got to me, and I could tell that he liked to be admired as I started
to rub the lotion into his chest and abs.  I got him to put his hands over
his head so I could stroke the lotion down his arms and into his pits while
I was on the way to his chest.  Of course I had to suck his nipples to get
them erect for the lotion.  That got a moan from both of us.  And I was
setting on his crouch.

While I was smoothing the cream over his chest, my ass was massaging his
limp dick, which started to harden.  I looked into his eyes as he
readjusted and slid his stiffening cock up and into me.  I let him thrust
in and out of me to finish his erection as I played with his naked body
below me.  He was hitting my button with every thrust.  And from his
groans, I could tell that he wasn't hurting too much.  Tim was snoozing
beside us as I humped my ass up and down Timmy's hard shaft.

It seemed like we could go forever, until Timmy grabbed my bobbing dick and
jacked it in rhythm with his pumps up my butt.  He squeezed hard when he
blew his load up my ass and brought me to orgasm.  I collapsed on his
sweaty body with my ass wide open and up to the sun and caught my breath
while a few couples around us stood up and gave us an ovation. We melted
into my cum.

That woke Tim from his slumber and he suggested that we think about
returning to Timmy's apartment.  He was worried about burning his prick,
even though we volunteered to thoroughly massage a lot of lotion where
needed..  Se we agreed to leave after another session of body surfing.
Timmy agreed to stay nude with me for the drive back, bit we could only get
Tim to agree to stay stripped down to his pouch.

Love to all.
texanuc@aol.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Mon, 22 Sep 2003 13:42:39 EDT
From: Texanuc@aol.com
Subject: Marine-Father-and Son-11

OK, I opened my bag and got out the surprise for all.  I had ordered micro
thongs with anal rings built in and got the fun task of dressing Tim and
Timmy.  Tim wasn't too pleased with his suit, but let us slip it up his
hips and over his bulge anyway.  He was a bit of a prude and didn't really
like to advertise his goods.  I did a lot of work to make sure that the
ring was set properly, e.g.. I did a lot of fingering his ass during the
process.

That got Tim going, so he helped me dress Timmy.  Timmy was very excited
with the suit and during the process of stuffing him into it, I had to suck
him off to get him to cum so we could get his dick to go down and stuff it
into the tiny pouch of his suit..  He didn't complain at all until he shot
another load in the suit.  Tim and I decided that he needed a butt plug, so
we got one out, lubed it, and slipped it in him.  We adjusted the strap and
ring of the suit so it would hold in the plug.

We decided, with my urging, that they both had too much hair sprouting out
of the little patches of cloth that were struggling to conain them, so I
got out the razor and foam and did a bit of maintenance.  Timmy held Tim
down and helped me strip the thong off and lather him before the assault
with the blade.  Tim was mostly quiet while I denuded his pubic area,
scared to move and maybe lose more than he had planned on.  He did protest
when we hiked his heels over his head and attacked his crack, but again
settled down to provent unneeded nicks.  To finish the session with him, we
shaved his pits and towelled him down before sliding the thong back up his
smooth legs..

Timmy was a willing candidate for the blade!  He shed his micro-suit and
laid out on the bed, plug still in place.  I let Tim apply the foam and
massage it in, then I slid the razor down his tant body, making sure that
there would be no hair left. I got his pubes first so we could get that
area shaved before he sprung another erection.  Then on to his ballsac,
ass, chest and pits.  He asked us to shave his head (already a close
cropped Marine cut) so we did that too.

With Tim and Timmy shaved and re-dressed, they attacked me.  I was already
hairless thanks to chemo for melanoma.  First they slid the micor-thong up
and over me, then they decided that I needed a cock ring and a butt plug.
Timmy decided to lube up my dick and balls with his saliva before sliding
on the ring and Tim ate my ass to open it up for the plug.  Timmy popped me
out of his mouth as I was beginning to rise and slipped the metal ring down
my shaft and around my balls while Tim shoved the plug up my butt.  They
pulled the thong up, adjusted it, and we were ready to go.

Timmy and I thrust forward and walked down the stairs into the pool area.
Timmy mentioned that this was a Marine complex and to get ready for a lot
of hunky men around the pool.  I flexed my butt and walked on.  Tim hung
back, dragging his heels.  He wasn't the exhibitionist that we were.  Timmy
and I threw our towels on the chairs and dove into the water, getting a lot
of cat calls.  Tim slunk onto his chaise and meditated

Junior and I had a great time splashing in the pool and getting the other
guys involved in the fun. By the end of the session, there were ten of us
playing volleyball in the water, and three others watching from the side,
including Tim.  The ten of us in the water decided to heed nature's call
and strip down.  Suits came off and were thrown at our "watch guards".  Tim
got a few comments about his new, hairless body, with a few questions on
how to get the balls to be the same.  My c-ring also got a lot of comments
and inspection.

After a couple more sets, we got together and decided that we should get
our audience into the action.  So we ganged up on them, dragged them into
the pool, and stripped off their suits to match us.  Of course they fought
back, but we outnumbered them and had our way.  There were thirteen naked
men in the pool, with the three protesters in the center being splashed and
groped.  It was a grand time making them join into the fun, even though
they were fighting all the way down the pike Needless to say, it took a lot
of hands on to get them to play, not to mention a few bumps in the butt.

We did manage to get out of the water and back on the side with legs spread
wide.  I set the mode by going down on Timmy while Tim plowed his meat up
my ass again after he popped the plug out.  Guess the pool play made him
horny.  He eased up into me, and our action was matched by the other
Marines.  Hot Marine rods were pumping in slippery holes as others were
being sucked down hungry throats.  Jimmy was the first to cum, and his
shouts of release seemed to push the rest of us over the brink.

After a bit of recovery, the guys managed to bring down steaks and ribs for
the grill.  Tim did the duty and cooked while the rest of us played around
him.  Junior and I did go up to his apartment to bake potatoes and make a
salad with fresh dressing.  He and I jacked each other to make the
dressing.  Didn't tell anyone.

Cooking was finished so we settled in for the meal.  All agreed that it had
been a fun day.  A couple of Timmy's friends mentioned how much they liked
his father and friend and the salad and dressing.  He and I laughed at
that.

It was a group effort to clear the table and load the dishwasher, then the
other guys left.  Tim, Timmy and I sat on the couch to review the day, to
set the mode for the night.and decide on which beach to head for in the
morning. I was anxious to try out that waterbed!  My dick was snaking up
between my legs before Timmy suggested that we move into the bedroom.

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Mon, 22 Sep 2003 13:40:58 EDT
From: Texanuc@aol.com
Subject: Marine-Father-and Son-10

Tim and I made the big trip to San Diego to visit Tim Junior.  I was hyper
to get the two of them together again, and to see what would happen.  Tim
seemed very cautious as I led him onto the plane and to our seats.  Thanks
to my consulting business, I had us upgraded to first, so we were
side-by-side and I could get my hands into his crouch without a third
person next to us..

Fear of flying was definitely getting to Tim, and I made the most of it.
Placed his left hand between my thighs, and did the same to him with my
right one.  The blankets provided by the steward helped conceal the true
action that was going on.

After we got off the ground and I was getting off playing with Tim, Jonas,
our steward, came to take our orders.  We both had champagne but decided to
wait and have our meal with Timmy.  We made our regrets to Jonas, but he
wasn't taking our excuse.  So he brought a very generous serving of caviar
with a bottle of champagne.  He was cute, in a blonde way, so we let him do
his thing.

I asked Tim about his experiences in flying, and discovered that he wasn't
a member of the ."Mile High Club".  That couldn't get by me!  I forced him
through the booze and cariar, then convinced him to go to the loo.  Of
course I followed and got into the stall with him, slamming the door shut
and locking it.

Tim was forced to turn around to face the wall while I attacked his belt
and pulled his jeans down below his hard ass.  There he was, his butt open
to me, waiting to be initiated into the club.  I used the plane's lotion to
slather up and eased into him.  It was a good ride, Tim thrusted back onto
my forward plunges.  We got into a fine motion in tune with the plane.  I
had to massage his rod while I was plowing his ass, and we humped on, and
on, as the plane took us to San Diego.

He lost it first, blowing his load all; over the wall and strangling my
dick in his spasming tight ass.  I couldn't help it, I shot my load too,
pounding that marine into the bulkhead.  We both groaned in the
satisfaction of release and fell back into a major hug.

Tim and I got our act together and redressed.  I tried to slip out first
and be unnoticed, but it didn't work.  Jonas was there and gave me a big
grin, and then he started laughing when Tim tried to exit like nothing had
happened..  Jonas broke the tension by giving me his phone number in SD.
He wanted to get together with Tim and me on his layover.

I explained that we were going to meet Tim's son.  Jonas replied that he
could deal with that!  So Tim and I went back to our seats and had another
glass of champagne to celebrate the fact that he was now a member of the
'Mile High Club'.  I think there were a couple of other guys that knew what
we were toasting!

We finally landed and got off the plane.  There was Timmy, in his PT shorts
and the string tank that I had sent to him.  His bronze body was radiating
out of his clothes.  I let Tim get in the first hug, then followed him into
the clench.  It was great to be together again.  And seeing the pleasure of
Tim and Timmy with each other was well worth the price of the flight.

Thanks to big gym bags that we carried on, there was no luggage to worry
about, so we went straight out to Timmy's car, I couldn't help playing with
his buns as he walked in from of me.  He complained, Tim swatted at me, but
I continued to play.  Tried to pants him, but his hard buns wouldn't let
the shorts drop.

Timmy had a great convertible with the top down.  We threw our bags in the
trunk and piled into the car, me stretching out in the back seat.  He
pulled out into traffic and started discussing where we could go for dinner
as I stripped down to soak up the sun.  Sr. Tim happened to glance back at
me and immediately had a reaction!  First was shock, then he was pissed,
then he laughed.  Hey, I paid for the trip, so he could put up with me,
right?  I laid back naked in the back seat, enjoying the sun and the
breeze.  Some of the truckers on the freeway had an unexpected show.

Timmy took it all in stride, but did ask me to put my shorts back on when
we got to his apartment complex.  OK, did humor him to start with, but
better watch out for later!  We got to his place (yes, I had my shorts back
on) and went in.  Timmy made it clear what he was expecting when he had us
drop our bags in the bedroom He had a California king waterbed that was
screaming for action.

I spread out on it aftger shucking my shoirts again, but the Tims were hot
to get out to the pool. Tim seemed to be ready for bed time too, but Timmy
was wanting to take it to the pool.  So we compromised.  They stripped down
and Timmy got in front of me, backed up, and impaled himself on my dick.
He bucked back, and I found that I was getting Tim's stiff one up my ass.

We fell onto the bed and pleasured each other I had a great time pumping
into Timmy and playing with his nips while he pressed his hard butt back on
me..  Tim thrust into me which drove me futhter into Timmy. We were having
a great time, and from the sounds behind me, Tim was too!  We had a good
rut and shot off, filling our lusty needs.  Tim popped out of me and left
me leaking.  I wanted to go to sleep, but Tim and Timmy had other plans We
had to go swim and soak up the rays.

Pool time is in chapter 11.

Love to all.
texanuc@aol.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Tue, 8 Apr 2003 12:35:40 EDT
From: Texanuc@aol.com
Subject: Marine-father-and-son Part 9

I was the first to wake up, and had hell trying to get untangled from all
the arms and legs.  I was on a mission - shower off the crust and then make
breakfast for the group.  I knew that Tim would be happy with juice and
toast, but wanted to do something special for our guests.

Clint joined me in the shower, much to my surprise.  He wanted to display
his newly nude, e.g. hairless, body with me again.  He was like a kid in
the candy store, playing with his smooth body and grabbing my hands to rub
over him.  Hell, I didn't mind, and stroked him like the hot man he was.

Finally settled on his, by then, throbbing prick with a soapy hand and
started to jack him.  He did the same with me, and we stood face to face
flogging each other.  I leaned in for a kiss and was met by his hot tongue.
We stood there, frenching and jacking under the water.  We fondled each
others smooth sacs to raise the ante.  Clint blew first, blasting his cum
up chest.  That caused me to shoot on his crouch.  But the shower quickly
washed it all away.

We got out and toweled each other dry, paying special attention to our
genital areas.  I "slipped" when drying his ass and had my finger tapping
at his rear entrance.  He batted my hand away with the comment "Later" and
said that we should think about making breakfast for our two sleeping
beauties.

Cllint and I walked into the kitchen and tried to decide what to make.  I
was bent over looking in the fridge taking stock when I felt Clint ease in
behind me and rub his cock up my crack.  I swatted him away and pulled him
down to help me take inventory.

We quickly decided that pancakes would be the order of the morning, so got
busy making the batter and getting everything set up.  He decided that more
liquid was needed in the batter, so he jacked off a load of fresh cum into
the bowl.  Ah, the joys of youth!

Our noise woke up Tim and Chase and they stumbled into the kitchen with
their morning woodies.  Clint and I looked at each other, smiled, and
proceeded to masturbate their loads into the batter.  They fell back into
chairs and watched as Clint and I finished.

Clint whispered in my ear that we should try a new way to serve our
masters.  I was game, so asked him what he had in mind.  He had decided
that we should impale the pancakes on our cocks and let them eat from the
pole.  Sounded like a good idea to me!

I took the syrup over to the table and told Tim and Chase that breakfast
would be served soon.  They were to keep their chairs pointed toward us and
be ready to eat.  Then went back to join Clint.  He had finished the
pancakes and was getting the last ones cooler so we wouldn't destroy our
dicks.  We stroked to hardness at the counter, screwed into the pancakes,
and turned around to present breakfast to our friends.

The first reaction was shock.  Two hairless guys with throbbing dicks
sticking out and holding their breakfast was more than they expected.
Clint and I approached them with cocks and cakes bouncing.  They got the
hint that this wasn't going to be a normal breakfast and went for it.  Both
attacked the stacks from the bottom and ate their way around.

 Syrup was applied to make everything stay together.  Tim decided that he
wanted to include me in his breakfast, so he poured the syrup on my head
and let it run down my torso.  Chase followed.  Here we were, two hairless
guys standing in the kitchen with pancakes on our cocks and syrup running
down our bodies to soak into them.

Tim decided to get creative, so he got the can of whipped cream and started
shooting it at me.  Then he attacked and started eating his cakes, and me,
with a passion I hadn't seen in him before.  He was all over me, licking
and sucking to get me clean again.  And I couldn't help noticing that there
was a hard piece of meat pounding against me.  A quick glance to the side
verified that Clint was getting the same attention from Chase.

Breakfast was finished, more or less, so we decided to move out to the
patio for coffee.  Tim and Chase went out and settled in their chairs while
Clint and I cleaned the kitchen and got the coffee ready.  We decided that
we wanted fresh cream, so we walked out with the pitcher and told them what
we needed.

'There was no hesitation -- they stood up and put arms over each other's
shoulders to get their dicks in line for us to jack them into the pitcher.
Must admit, there was a lot of tongue action to get those guys off, but we
did get the cream needed.  And the coffee was ready, so we brought it out
and lay back to enjoy the sun, the friends, and the breeze.

After coffee, Chase said that they needed to leave and get a few things
done.  Tim and I told them that they were welcome to stay, but they begged
off with a promise to return.  They got into their clothes and naked Tim
and I walked them to their car.  Kisses all around and a promise to get
together again when we return from San Diego.

Regards
texanuc@aol.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 5)

Date: Mon, 7 Apr 2003 13:54:55 EDT
From: Texanuc@aol.com
Subject: Marine-Father-and-Son-8

After we had said farewell to almost all, Tim and I got back to Chase and
Clint.  We went back onto the deck and settled in at the table, drinks
before us.  I reached over to grab Tim's throbbing erection, and Clint did
the same to Chase.  Clint and I stroked as we all talked.  We learned that
Clint and Chase had been a couple for two years, and were glad to spend
time with two guys who seemed to like to be together like Tim and I.

We told them about how we had met, how Timmy was in the picture, and I
broke the news that we were going to travel to San Diego for a break to see
him.  I had made the reservations as a surprise for Tim.  He was very
shocked but happy with the news.  Tim was missing his son and was pleased
to know that we would be going west to see him.

Clint then said that he and Chase had the hots for us, wanting to be with
older men, and we were their choice.  He was into skin, and Chase was into
hairy bears.  Both had been clipped when they were babies, so my skin was
fascinating to them.  Clint was hairless except for his bushy crouch. pits,
and legs; Chase was a cub with a promising start on a major pelt covering
his chest and legs and a good trail leading to his crouch.

We agreed that we had a mutual attraction going, so led them up the stairs
to the loft.  Thanks to the mode of the party, we didn't have to get
through the awkwardness of shedding our clothes.  So we fell into the bed
in a heap of arms and legs.

There was a lot of shuffling around and oral action on that water bed.  We
finally fell into a chain with Clint on me, Tim on Clint, Chase on him, and
me on Chase.  Clint was really getting into my skin with the tip of his
tongue under it and swirling around my rim.  We all gave as good as we were
getting.

Clint and Chase pulled off and said that they wanted to ride us while we
snuggled under them.  Hey, Tim and I were up for that.  But then Clint said
that he wanted to be like me.  He wanted me to take him into the shower and
shave him until he was as hairless as me.  After getting Chase's approval,
Clint and I went to the bathroom and left Tim and Chase groping each other
in the bed.

I got the water warm and grabbed him to pull him into the spray.  Clint
stood in the tub while I got the razor and cream to take care of him.  He
locked his hands behind his head to let me get to his pits, so I sprayed
them with the foam and then attacked with the blade.  Each stroke made his
cock throb even harder.  I had closed the drain so the water slowly crept
up around us.

Finished his pits and then put his right foot on my shoulder so I could get
rid of that fuzz on his leg.  His dick continued throbbing with each
scrape, and his balls got harder in its pouch.  I got the right leg smooth
and then repeated the routine on his left one.  And his shaft jerked on and
on, and started leaking.

Clint was a little surprised when I flipped him over and spread his cheeks
to apply the razor.  He wasn't expecting that move, but got into it and
spread wide.  I decided that I would clean his crack and then attack the
back of his sac while his butt was staring at me.  Did have to do a bit of
digital manipulation to keep him up though.  Guess the blade on the balls
was making him nervous.

Turned Clint around and grabbed his throbber to hold it out of the way so I
could denude his crouch.  I jacked up and down as I shaved his pubic hair
off and got his balls as smooth as mine.  A quick rinse, and we were good
to go back to the bed.  He did make a stop in front of the mirror and
seemed shocked at how thorough I had been.  There he was, hairless with a
guy behind him playing with his newly shaved balls.

After toweling off, we rejoined Tim and Chase in the bed.  Both of them
took their time exploring Chris, and Chase mentioned that he might like to
try it also.  However, they had other plans for us.

Tim and I were pressed down on the bed with our erections in the air while
Chris and Chase covered then with latex before they spread their cheeks and
sank down on us.  Tim and I kissed each other as we were being ridden,
thrusting up in unison to the demanding butts pumping us.  Being good
hosts, we did grab the bouncing cocks flopping in front of us and stroked
them.

And then we came.  Clint was first, shooting his cream up my smooth chest
while his clenching muscle forced me to fill the Trojan up his ass and
keeping us safe.  Tim grasped my bald head as he thrust up and exploded
inside Chase who then sprayed Tim's chest and crouch with his sperm.

We collapsed in a heap, and Clint was kind enough to pull the sheet over
us.  Repeating my session with Tim and Junior, we spooned with cock to butt
before falling asleep.  Needless to say, Tim was behind me!

Another breakfast at hand?  Stay tuned.

And thanks to you guys that have let me hear from you.  I enjoy the support
and like to know that you are out there.

Regards
texanuc@aol.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 6)

Date: Sat, 5 Apr 2003 00:41:06 EST
From: Texanuc@aol.com
Subject: Marine Father and Son - 7

Back on the deck, Brad was busy blending up a load of Margaritas for us and
hustling his cute butt around making sure that we all had a drink.  Tony
was doing a good job too, moving in and out among all the exposed cocks
trying to serve appetizers.  Both of the guys were real teases, making sure
that the front of their "tux" bounded with each step and rubbing their
asses on the guest's clubs.

After thirty minutes of cocktails, Tony announced that dinner was to be
served.  Since there were only six chairs around the table, we had to
double up Tim and I led the way as he sat in his chair and I snuggled down
on his erection.  The rest of the guys got the hint and settled in for the
meal.

The food was brought out and placed on the table as we got into the action
It was great to be impaled on a hard rod and helping feed both of Tim's
appetites.  As we ate the delicious food, he pumped up and down in my butt.
A glance around the table verified that similar feeding was going on by
all.  Dinner was finished with a chorus from six satisfied men unloading in
hungry butts.

Tony and Brad cleared the table and said that dessert would be served in a
few minutes.  He suggested that we get more comfortable.  In other words,
it was time for the fuckees to become the fuckers.  There was a shuffling
of bodies while we got ready for the dessert.  Those of us with woodies sat
in the chairs and our partners mounted us.

It was great sitting in the chair with my dick impaled up Tim and looking
around the table to see five other couples enjoying the same experience.
Tops had become bottoms and seemed to be OK with it.

Tony brought out the chocolate fondue and fruit, and all hell broke loose.
Legs rose up as the guys turned around to feed us.  Tim decided that he
wanted to satisfy his chocolate lust by coating my nips and then sucking
them.  Hey, didn't have to twist my arm to get me to agree to that.

Chocolate and fruit were everywhere on the various bodies.  I think that we
probably had more fun than Tony had planned.  I didn't hear anyone
complaining, and a couple of guys, after shooting their loads, asked what
was next.

Brad and Tony reappeared and said that coffee and cognac would be served at
wave's edge, so we all got up and strolled down to the surf.  Tim and I
were the obvious couple of the evening and didn't have any problem linking
arms around each other as we made our way across the sand.  He and I had
set up a bonfire earlier and Tim threw a match into it to get it flaming.

We all sat around the fire as it grew, enjoying the company and agreeing
that this was a bit more fun than the structured rules of the club.  With
our private party there were no rules and anyone could do what they wanted
with each other as long as each agreed.

Coffee and cognac were brought down, and Tony and Brad were convinced to
join us.  After a bit of wrestling, we managed to get them out of their
thongs and naked like the rest of us. There were a lot of "Ohs" and "Ahs"
during that process.  Tony had been cut, but Brad was sporting a lot of
skin, and a c-ring.  And both were very erect after the wrestling match.

The skinz and the skins teams were reformed, and it was decided that Brad
and Tony would be our next game.  Tony was assigned to the skinz.  Our
mission was to see who could make them loose their load first, but each
team member was limited to two minutes of oral action before the next one
took over.  Rotating until the mission (or emission) was accomplished.  And
each of the guys were told that they would get a major addition to their
tip for the evening if they could outlast the other.

Tony and Brad stood next to each other on the beach, erections pointing out
at us.  The skinz and the skins got in line, and we started the timers.
Tim and I were last in the lines and did the duty of watching the clock
until it was our time at the bat.

It was hot seeing the group of naked men lined up in front of Tony and
Brad, with the front runner chowing down on them.  Not too much time passed
(maybe 20 seconds) until they closed ranks and got close and personal with
their teammates..  Something went into the hold in front of them, either
tongues or rods.  Whatever, there were a lot of happy guys on the sand.

I called "time" and the first two suckers moved to the back of the line and
were replaced by their next team member.  Tim and I now had a horny member
behind us playing with our holes.  We both squatted down and spread wide to
see what they would give us.  As it turned out, two tongues invaded us.

Tony seemed to be having a hard time with the oral assault on his cock but
was trying his best to hold on.  Whistling Dixie was his effort, and he was
doing a good version of the song.  Brad, on the other hand, just pumped and
pumped and didn't give any sign of getting ready to blow.  He was even
playing with his nips as he thrust his hips back and forth.

I kept up with the time on the stopwatch, and Tim and I moved forward with
each call.  He had wrapped his fist around my erection and was slowly
stroking it as I watched the clock.  Hell, I wanted to go down on him
rather that wait until my turn at Brad.  But that would be later!

We finally worked our way to the front of the lines and sucked in Tony and
Brad.  I'm not sure, but it seemed that my tongue under his skin got to
Brad faster than Tim's work on Tony.  I was just doing what I liked, and it
worked.

Brad shouted, I pulled back, and he plastered my face with a load of hot
cream.  His ejaculation caused Tony to get his nut, and he withdrew and
blew on Tim's head and over his back.

There was a round of applause from the rest of the team and we went back to
the deck.  Brad and Tony managed to get their act back together and fill
drink orders, then finished the clean-up and got ready to leave.  We asked
them to stay for more games, but they had to leave.  Tim paid them, with
the bonus to Brad, and they were off.

Some of the other guys decided that it was time for them to leave too, so
they got back into their thongs and/or shorts and bid "farewell".

Another couple, Chase and Clint, stayed behind with Tim and I.  Want to
hear about that?

Let me know at texanuc@aol.com.

---

Untitled (Chapter 7)

Date: Fri, 28 Mar 2003 15:41:15 EST
From: Texanuc@aol.com
Subject: Marine-father-and-son-part-6

Tim woke me up Saturday morning gently rubbing his steel rod up and down
between my cheeks and pinching my nipples.  He was as horny as usual and
wanted to get his nut before we did anything else, even though I wanted to
know what his surprise was going to be.

So I happily raised my right leg and let him poke and rub until he found
the spot, and then he eased into me, making sure that he massaged back and
forth with his helmet to trigger my hot spot.  I responded like the sex
hound that I am and he started stroking. Slowly at first but increasing the
tempo.  He teased me a lot, making sure that he hit my button with shorter
strokes.  But then he reached around and grabbed my skin and started
stroking it back and forth.

I lost it!  As I was shooting all over the sheets, Tim was reacting to my
clenching hole and filled me with his nectar.  We humped, groaned, and
thrashed around until we were spent, then he pulled out of me, pressed me
into his hairy chest, and we got lost in a long kiss.

Tim looked over my shoulder at the clock and bolted upright, shouting
"Shit".

I asked what was the problem, and he said that we should have been on the
road to our mystery rendez vou for the weekend.  I tried to ask for
details, but he kissed me and told me to trust him, put on my shorts and
shirt, and get in his car.

We dressed, using the term loosely, and I learned that he had a pair of
cutoffs shorter than mine that left nothing to the imagination, and he went
commando as I had suggested.  I was in my rumpled clothes from the night
before, but Tim said that it was enough, grabbed a small bag, and dragged
me down to the car.

Settling into the seats, I noticed that a nut had popped out each side of
the seam of his shorts and the warmth of the sun was letting them sag down
to rest on the leather as we drove down the freeway towards the beach. Of
course I got aroused, and had to play with what he was showing.  I'm
surprised that we didn't get stopped for speeding or PDA.  We did get some
attention from a few truckers that we passed, but Tim kept driving.

At the end of the causeway to the island, he turned to the west and drove
into a section of the island that I didn't recognize.  As we got closer to
the end of the island, he commanded me to strip.  Without questioning him,
I did.  Then he told me to take off his shirt, and slide his shorts to his
ankles.  Somehow we did this without having a wreck, and it was treated to
his throbbing erection thrusting up into the sun.

Tim pulled into the driveway of a cozy beach house on stilts and announced
that we were here, and the rest of the surprise was about to begin.  The
cottage was at the end of the island on a private beach, so who knew what
could happen.

He pulled his shorts off his feet and threw them at me and told me to carry
his and my clothes while he got the bag and to get out of the car.

"Sir, yes Sir!"

We went up the stairs and he unlocked the door into a South Sea billet,
sparse but comfortable.  Tim led me up to a sleeping loft that was mostly
bed and a fantastic view out over the water.  By opening the sky lights, we
could hear the surf pounding.

I wanted to throw Tim on the bed and have him ride me, but he gently pushed
me off, telling me that we had to get the place ready for a party and wait
for the guests.  We had one hour..  I was worried how that would all
happen, but should have trusted the brawny Marine that I was with.  He
explained that we had ten guests arriving, some from the nudist club where
we had met and some of his jock buddies that I hadn't met.

Tim then opened the small bag he had been protecting and pulled out a small
piece of fishnet and strings which he tossed it to me.  I asked why, and as
he pulled out a matching one, he said that it was to identify us as the
hosts.  He had organized a beach party, with formal dress, e.g. nothing
more or less or less than a thong.  We stuffed ourselves into the fishnet
as the bell rang.

We went downstairs and greeted the bartender and the chef/waiter that Tim
had hired.  They came in and immediately stripped down to "tux" thongs and
went to work getting ready for the party.  Tim and I basically set out the
plates and silver, stocked the bar on the deck, and went back inside.
Brad, the bartender, helped us and made us a drink, then pushed us out onto
the deck and out of their way.  He was cut, 20-something with a body as
smooth as mine, and no tan line.  Showed a big pouch too!

Tim explained that these two were jarheads looking to make a few extra
bucks, and he hired them for the party They were on leave until 6:00 hrs
Monday and would take care of the party and cleanup.

As we lay back enjoying the sun on our almost naked bodies, a shadow
appeared -- it was Tony, the chef/waiter wanting us to taste the appetizers
that Tim had ordered.  Tony was an Italian hunk, covered in more fur than
Tim, and a fantastic butt that I would have loved to eat a buffet from.
When he leaned over to offer the snacks, his "tux" flap swung forward and
revealed a packed pouch to die for, with dense, black curls swirling out
onto his thighs.  I had nasty thoughts of what I could do with the razor
and his crouch.

I drooled, and then remembered that I was there with Tim, so tried not to
be so blatant in staring at both of the guys.

The doorbell started ringing and the party began.  It was interesting to
see how small the thongs could be, and what they did to the wearers!  Some
of the guys came in wearing shorts as a cover-up, but most wore thongs
only.  After everyone had arrived and had a drink or two, the games began.

We went down to the beach where Tim and I had set up a volleyball net.
Skinz and skins were chosen as sides.  Skinz had to wear a c-ring, skins
were, well, skins.  And the skins got to put the c-rings on the skinz.
Great way to start the game and get to know each other.

It was a heated match, and a visual delight to see all those cocks and
balls flopping in the breeze.  We played to win, with a lot of butt
slapping and chest banging to show team spirit and support.  Skinz won --
must have been the support from the c-rings.  After their victory dance, we
all ran into the surf to get rid of the sand.  The cold water helped shrink
most of the erections, but the horse play maintained semis on everyone.

Skins, being the losing team, was selected to dig a pit in the sand and a
channel to the sea so the water could flood the pit.  After they had done
that, with a lot of sand being thrown from both teams at each other, Tim
brought out the rope for a tug-of-war competition.  Again, it was a heated
competition with a lot of straining and shouting, but finally the skinz
were pulled into the pit.  The skins then jumped in on top of them to
celebrate their victory.

Back into the surf to get rid of the sand again, but the grab ass activity
seemed to be a few levels higher than it was before.  We finally got
everyone out of the water and offered beach tennis or drinks on the deck.
Needless to say, beach tennis lost.

End of chapter 6 - care to hear about cocktails and the dinner buffet?

---

Untitled (Chapter 8)

Date: Wed, 26 Mar 2003 12:34:26 EST
From: Texanuc@aol.com
Subject: Marine Father and Son - 5

Timmy was back on base doing we knew what, and Tim and I managed to get
together when we could, at least once a week, but usually more depending on
our work loads Since I ran my consulting business from home, and was
usually naked (and horny), I was usually free for his calls.

We were out to dinner one Friday night at a casual outdoor cafe.  We were
dressed alike -- tank tops and shorts, except that I was going commando.
Of course Tim's chest hair was bursting out the top of his shirt while my
chest was smooth.  And his furry legs contrasted to my smooth ones as we
sat side by side.

We sat at the glass-topped table and talked.  I started to get horny again
and my dick crept down my left leg until the head was peeking out at Tim.
He didn't notice it until the waiter came to remove the plates, and they
both did a double-take.  Tim laughed and the waiter, after a pause, said
that he was glad I had enjoyed the meal.  Then he asked if we would like to
see the dessert menu.  Tim said "No, we will have dessert at home.  Just
the check please."

This was my treat, so I paid the bill, stuffed my cock back into my shorts
(to Tim's protest) and went back to the car.  As he drove of and back to
his place, I got my hand on his leg and ran it up his shorts to massage his
cloth-covered balls.  I told him that next time he should freeball like me
to provide easier access.  He groaned that he would, so I had to satisfy
myself with playing with him like he was.  Did get a major erection out of
him, though!

We barely got into the house before we were stripping each other.  Once we
were naked, we made our way into the kitchen and I laid him out on the
island.  Searching the refrigerator, I found a can of whipped cream and
some raspberries which I took out and started to think of what could be
done with them..  I turned around and grinned at the naked canvas in front
of me.

As I approached Tim, he smiled and spread out his arms and legs, inviting
me into a feast.  I sprayed the cream into his pits, over to his mips, and
down the treasure trail to his cock and balls.  Once they were covered, I
placed a berry on each nip, down the trail, and then smashed more into his
crouch.  And the dessert began.

I decided to let the cream mellow in his pits for awhile, so started eating
his right tit, twirling my tongue around it to get the excess cream before
biting down to get the berry and its support.  Chewed for a couple of
minutes before licking over to the left one and giving it the same
attention.  Tim was groaning and humping up and down as I finished and
started to eat my way lower through his cream-covered trail, leaving a
dollop in his navel for later attention..

I moved around between his legs and started licking and sucking on his nuts
(should have sprinkled them with crushed pecans!), sucking one and then the
other into my mouth and getting all that cream off.  Then I sucked both in
to make sure that I had them clean and to stretch them out a bit.  Tim was
really bouncing off the counter now, and adding a clear ooze to the cream
covering his rod.

It was time to clean that cock, so I slowly licked up and around his stiff
shaft, making sure that I got all of it shinning with my spit.  Reaching
the crown, I ran my tongue around and around to really get him going, then
tongued the slit.

"Jezz, eat me!, I can't take it!  Eat ME!  NOW!"

OK, I decided it was time to get Tim to blow and obey his command, so I
lifted up and engulfed his head into my mouth and down my throat.  He
pumped twice and gave me the real cream that I had wanted..  His whole body
shook as he shot into me, and it was such a big load that I couldn't
swallow it all and it started to dribble back down his throbbing shaft He
was all over the counter, but I kept up with him, trying not to lose too
many drops of his nectar.

I licked up the jizz that had escaped, then moved up to clean out his navel
and on up to suction his pits.  The cream was still there, with an
enjoyable addition of his marine sweat.  I lapped him clean, tugging on the
hairs with my teeth to make sure that he knew where I was.  More groans,
and I knew that he was appreciating it as I could feel his cock growing up
my side again.

My load was close to blowing by that time, so Tim lifted me up over him and
took me into his mouth.  He sucked for a couple of minutes while playing
with my ass before I shot a good load down his throat.  Then he let me
collapse on top of him to recover.

We finally got off the kitchen island and went, arm in arm, up the stairs
and fell into bed.  As we were falling asleep, Tim whispered into my ear
that he had a surprise for me on Saturday, and there was no need to pack.
We fell into a contented sleep with him spooned against me.  Again, his
shaft was embedded between my cheeks.

Episode 6 if you want, let me know at texanuc@aol.com.

If you want to read about my brother and his friend, check out Tony, My
Brother and I further down the index.

---

Untitled (Chapter 9)

Date: Mon, 24 Mar 2003 09:48:12 EST
From: Texanuc@aol.com
Subject: marine-father-and-son-4

Junior got his cute butt back into his shorts and headed out to the store
to buy steaks, and who knew what else.  Dad and I rested on the chairs and
talked.  Needless to say, there was a lot of fondling of exposed body parts
too.

We found that we had a lot in common.  He had been a gunny and was posted
at several embassies around the world.  I had been with big oil and also
lived overseas.  He was posted to west Africa a week after I had left, so
we had some mutual friends there and he had learned about my favorite beach
to get bare assed and enjoy, especially with a like minded friend.  During
the time that we were talking he had a fist wrapped around my balls, and I
had his sac firmly gripped in my right palm.

Timmy came back and gave us some lip about not being ready for his return.
I pointed to our two throbbing shafts and asked him how ready did he need
us to be.  He suggested that maybe we could have at least started a fire.
Dad picked up on that one and pointed out that we were definitely getting a
fire going between us.  We asked if he was ready for some beef, but he
proposed a rain check on what we were offering and guided us into the
kitchen instead.

I got behind him was nibbling his neck and slowly slid my hands down to
unbuttoned his shorts and dropped them to the floor as dad pulled his shirt
over his head.  We finally got serious about preparing the meal, and I
stayed behind Timmy to inspect his purchases.  As he pulled out the food, I
couldn't help but play with his firm buns while his dad stayed behind me to
continue his hand's on inspection of my backside.

He had done a great job shopping so we got busy with something other than
his buns and his bone.  I fired up the grill while Tim put the steaks into
a marinade, and Junior got the potatoes ready to bake and the steamer ready
for the asparagus.  We had a lot of fun kidding around about those green
shafts and what could be done with them, but finally let Junior get them
ready for steaming.  Tim and I made a cheese sauce to go with it, and joked
around about another load of cream to go into the sauce.  Not to mention
the cheese that we might be able to harvest from under our own skins.

Tim kicked back on a chair outside after he had set the table on the patio.
I got busy at the grill, and Junior was hustling his ass around the kitchen
making sure that everything would be okay in there.  He did manage to get
an apron around me and gave a big squeeze to make sure that I was up for
the cooking before he also put one on his naked body. After all, we didn't
want to get any burns on sensitive parts!

The food was cooked so we sat around the table to enjoy.  We ate, sipped
the wine, and enjoyed the gentle breeze.  Timmy and I enjoyed it caressing
our smooth, shaved bodies, and I could see that Tim's bush was being
stirred by the wind.  I tried to convince him that he should let us make
him smooth like us, but Junior told me to give it up as there was no way
that it would happen.  Part of his dad machismo!

We finished the meal and took everything into the kitchen.  Junior got busy
loading the dishwasher, and I couldn't resist getting up behind him and
running my hard cock up and down his shaved crack.  He reached behind to
grab me and found his hand fighting his dad's for control of that throbbing
tool.

I hugged Timmy and got him back to loading the dishwasher while his father
continued to grope me.  When it was full and started, we grabbed the melons
and cream and headed back outside.  Timmy cut a couple of holes in a
cantaloupe and placed it between his dad and I so we could enter it, then
jacked it back and forth between us.  I leaned over to kiss Tim and tweak
his nips while the melon was sucking us in and out.

We both shot our loads inside the cantaloupe and, after we had finished
humping it, Timmy unplugged us and shot the dairy cream inside.  As we all
collapsed into the chairs, he cut open the melon and sliced it into bowls
so we could all enjoy.  The mixture of dairy cream and fresh man cream made
it a treat!

Senior and I got into the spa while junior finished the clean up, and then
he joined us in the hot swirling water.  He hadn't added his juices to our
dinner, so I pushed him up on the side of the pool and went down on his
throbbing tube.  He was hard, and obviously needed to get his nut.  I was
torn between eating his stiff shaft or turning around and sitting on it.  I
was still a little hungry, so I swallowed him down.

Of course, my actions, and a lot of strategic maneuvering, got my ass into
Dad's face.  He spread my cheeks and got his face down in there to lube me
up.  Then I heard him rise out of the water and felt his blunt head tapping
at my rear door.  He had skinned back and was ready to pop into me. And he
did.

We fell into a great motion, Tim fucked into me and shoved me down on his
son's dick.  I got my left hand around his nuts and tugged on them for a
little extra stimulation, and then worked my index finger up his crack and
into his hole.  We were a great suck/fuck machine rushing toward major
climaxes.

Dad blew first, dumping his hot load up my ass and digging his fingers into
my sides.  Then I shot my wad into junior while twisting his nips like
dials.  That made him cream my throat while his spincter tried to amputate
my fingers

We collapsed into a sweaty heap on the chair, then rolled off into the
pool.  We had a lazy swim while trying to recover.  I was the first to fall
back on the steps in the shallow end of the pool, followed by junior and
then dad.  I put my arms around them both and drew then into a major hug as
we relaxed back into the warm water.

Then my two studly marines decided that they needed to go home and let me
recover for work early the next morning.  Reluctantly I got out of the pool
with them, dried each with the towels draped over the chairs, and helped
them into their clothes.  Yes, I did fondle both of their baskets before
walking them out to their cars and seeing them off.  Probably shook up the
neighbors since I forgot to slip into some shorts, and gave each of them a
big hug and kiss before they drove off.  Then I went back to my bedroom,
slid between the sheets, and fell asleep dreaming of my two humpy Marines.

Part 5, a trip to the beach with Tim, will be next if you want.

			* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

---

Untitled (Chapter 10)

Date: Tue, 18 Mar 2003 01:49:46 EST
From: Texanuc@aol.com
Subject: Marine-father-and-son-3

Tim and I sat naked at the table after breakfast as Tim junior got busy and
cleaned up the breakfast debris.  It was interesting to be sitting there
watching his tight butt muscles flex as he loaded the dishwasher while I
was slowly stroking his dad's hard cock.  Senior was busy also, squeezing
my rod, running a finger under my foreskin, and fondling my smooth nuts.

When junior was finished, he pulled us out of our chairs and led us out to
the pool, his aroused dick throbbing and pointing the way. The sun was
drying the dew from the grass, but our dew was boiling up and dripping out.
Tim and I sat on the edge of the pool with our legs in the water while
Timmy jumped in and swam a couple of laps.  His tight body looked great
treading through the water, not to mention that tight marine ass poking up
into the sun.  Then he turned over and did a few backstroke laps, I
couldn't believe that he swam so well with that stiff rudder of his.

Tim and I lay back on the deck letting the sun warm our exposed skin.  I
reached over and rubbed the sweat into his hairy skin, and couldn't resist
playing with his nipples.  They were poking out of the fur on his chest and
were so inviting that I had to lean over and get a taste of them.  I was
licking back and forth between them until I finally settled on his left
nip, sucking it in and chewing on it like a new born.

I was really getting into him when I felt a wet, warm sensation on my nuts.
Junior had swam up between my spread legs and made an oral attack on my
balls.  I threw my legs wider and hooked my heels around his neck to invite
him in as I got further into his dad's nips.

My gonads were being vacuumed into junior's hot throat as I sucked his
dad's chest.  I ran my hand down his hairy, ripped abs and wrapped it
around his throbbing shaft and started jacking it.  His lube was bubbling
out of his head and easing my strokes, and I moved down to suck it from the
source and do a manual number on his nuts.

Junior decided that he needed some attention, so he slid out of the pool
and laid his dripping dick up next to his dad's, giving me the choice to
eat both of them at the same time.  I went for it and opened wide, getting
both heads into my mouth and sucking like I was starved.  Timmy made sure
that he got my rod down his throat and gave me as good as I was giving him
and his dad.

Then Tim popped out of my mouth and moved behind me, getting ready to drill
my butt.  He made sure that junior and I were locked together before he
lifted my leg and slowly slid his wet dick into me.  He was good!  He
entered me with a firm thrust that sank my shaft deeper down junior's
throat, and I swallowed.  He and I sucked while Jim pounded my ass.

We came, with sperm shooting everywhere.  Junior and I shot on each other's
face and senior pulled out to plaster my cheeks and lower back.  Then he
made junior get over me and lick up the jizz, including getting down into
my crevasse and making sure that there was no cum left there.  And Jim made
sure that there was no loss by swallowing me down at the same time.

After the clean up, we laid back in the chairs by the pool, and of course I
was placed in the middle.  We chatted and hung out, with several trips by
Timmy to get us all some beer.  I was amazed that I had met such a hunk at
the party the night before, and that his stud of a son had come over to
play!  I was getting aroused again, but didn't want the two Tims to know,
so I rolled over and let it all hang through the slats of the chaise.

Dad was quick!  He saw my state of arousal and went for it.  He told junior
to oil up my back, which he did.  Then he was told to grease my legs and
butt, and to make sure that my crack was well lubed.  I have to admit, that
marine know how to take orders!

I was oiled from the top of my bald head down to the tips of my toes, and
then Timmy went back to massaging more oil over and in my cheeks.  His
fingers got into my crack and started stroking over my hole.  Dad told him
to keep up the pressure, and to make sure that the oil went into all the
right places.

With that advise, junior shot some more oil on my buns and really started
to kneed it into my skin.  He went deeper and deeper into my muscles until
his fingers were probing my hole.  Of course I bucked up to meet his
strokes.  That is when dad decided that it was time for his son to give me
a deep anal massage.  We all knew that I was going to get the taste of the
son.

But there was a twist that really surprised junior and I.  Dad lay down on
his chest and ordered me to enter him.  Hey, when a marine commands you to
act, you do it.  I had just got my throbbing head into him when he barked
at junior to shove his shaft up me.  Another direct order that was followed
quickly.  I was out of my mind, stuck in a major marine stud while his son
was rammed into me.

We did a major number out by the pool.  I was in shock by what was
happening, but managed to get my hand under senior and grab his throbbing
tool.  I stroked him in the rhythm that I was being driven into him.  Then
Timmy groaned and shot his load, which got me off. We were bucking up and
down when dad shot into my fist.  We collapsed in a hot, sweaty heap of
male flesh by the pool, then imitated the previous night by rolling into
the water to cool off.

A leisurely swim got us back to reality, and we stumbled back to collapse
on the chairs.  It was 3 p.m., so I asked if we should grill something for
dinner.  They said yes, so we made junior get dressed and go to the store
for steaks and a couple of dessert items that would probably be handy.

		       * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Details of the BBQ if you like--let me know at texanuc@aol.com.

---

Untitled (Chapter 11)

Date: Sun, 16 Mar 2003 09:56:52 EST
From: Texanuc@aol.com
Subject: Marine Father and Son - Part 2

Due to a lot of requests (thanks guys!), I will continue this saga --
thanks for the support guys!  And yes, this did happen.

The Tims, senior and junior, linked their arms around me as we strolled
back to the bedroom.  It was a given that we were all drained, so I pulled
the covers back and led the two Marines, father and son, down beside me and
pulled the covers up over the three of us.

Senior didn't want to loose command, so he ordered junior on his side, then
forced me up into junior as he settled his hard, hairy body behind me.  We
were a tight bond of male flesh.  I drifted off to sleep with a firm grip
on Tim junior's rod and balls, my cock snuggled between his firm cheeks,
and Tim senior wrapping us both in his huge arms while he placed his member
between my buns.  And we fell asleep as the ripples of the bed settled
down.

Junior woke me up when he pulled free of my grasp and groped his way to the
bathroom about 7. Groaning, I followed him to make sure that he was OK and
had everything that he needed.  Timmy, as I learned to call him, was
standing at the toilet with a piss hard-on, trying to decided which way to
go with it.

Too much!  I got behind him and held his cock while he pissed (need I say
that I played with his smooth balls too?) and then guided him over to the
tub and laid him out in it, then started the warm water up and over his
hairless body.  I made sure that he couldn't relieve his other load with a
major choke hold around his cock and balls.  As the warm water rose in the
tub, I got in and decided that I needed to sit on his hard rod.

But first I needed to keep him smooth.  I reached over and got a razor out
of the drawer and grabbed the soap.  Had a great time lathering up junior
and getting him ready for the blade, then slowly gliding up and down his
body to remove the stubble from his earlier shaves.  Paid a lot of
attention to his sac, which was less than smooth before we got started.
Then I put the razor back on the counter and raised my butt.

His eyes popped as I sank down on him.  I later learned that this was his
first time to sink his dick into an ass; he was more used to getting it
than giving it.  He lost control and shot a hot load of his cum up me, the
real reason that he had gone into the bathroom.  I then made sure that he
lay back and enjoy by holding him down and riding his hot shaft.  Had to
turn off the water after a bit so we wouldn't flood the room, but Timmy
didn't seem to notice.  He was so into sinking his rod up my butt.

Then all hell broke loose! Tim walked in and saw what we were doing and got
royally pissed.  He wasn't in command of his son and wanted to get back in
the rider's seat.  He popped me off of Timmy and stood me against the wall,
then jerked junior out of the tub and pressed his dripping body next to me.
We were told that we were scum, needed discipline, and were to obey his
orders.  Damn, did he ever get back into his marine mode!

Junior was ordered back into the tub face down, and I was ordered to climb
in on top of him.  Timmy was ordered to spread his cheeks, and I was
commanded to enter him.  Why not?  I was just sinking into that warm hole
when senior turned on the shower heads, all on cold.  I shouted and bucked
down while junior bucked up, so I was deep into him.  Talk about pain and
pleasure!  Then Tim turned the water to warm, tested it, and climbed in
with us.

He decided that we needed to stand up and be counted, so he popped me out
of Timmy and helped us both up on our knees.  Junior had to spread his legs
so I could get between them, and mine were spread for senior.  Yeah, you
got it, my dick shot into junior as senior nailed me while the warm shower
rained down on us.  Of course I had to grope junior's tool.

We all shot off, me being the most vocal and junior right there with me.
We finally got back on our feet and had a great shower together, lathering
up each other and fighting for who held what.  Junior decided to dock his
dad and I and stroke the result.  We had to stop him because of the special
breakfast that was planned out by the pool I was worried on how I could get
the fresh cream for the coffee!

Timmy got out of the shower first like the dutiful son that he was and
handed towels to Tim and I.  It took awhile to get dry as things kept
popping up and had to be played with.  Still mindful of the cream
requirements for breakfast, I slapped them both on the butt and pulled them
into the kitchen.

Tim sat on the counter with his cream dispenser waving in the breeze as
Timmy and I hustled our bare buns around the kitchen making a very late
breakfast to rebuild our stamina.  We managed to come up with toast, bacon,
eggs, and grilled tomatoes, and a huge pot of coffee.  As we sat down, Tim
made Junior stand by the side of the table and give us fresh cream into the
coffee, and then allowed him to sit down with us at the table.  I asked Tim
senior about his contribution of cream, and he told me that it would be
cumming later.

			 * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Thanks, guys, for your response to part 1 -- will post part 3 (the time at
the pool with the Tims) if you like.

---

Untitled (Chapter 12)

Date: Fri, 14 Mar 2003 16:24:13 EST
From: Texanuc@aol.com
Subject: Marine Father & Son -01

Hey guys, this just happened to me and I am still reeling from the
experience.  Hard to believe that it happened.

I hosted the latest meeting of the men's nudist group, just looking forward
to a great evening with a group of guys who enjoy being naked in a social
setting.  Normal format--bring your own towel to sit on and check all
clothes at the door.  Usual crowd was there, and we were having a great
time talking about the trials and tribulations of being gay nudists and
having to put up with the rest of the world.  A couple of other guys and me
are lucky--self-employed and telecommuting from home--so don't have to go
through the routine of getting dressed and driving to an office.

And then Tim walked in the front door.  Being the host, I answered his
knock.  Being a new member, it was his first time to attend a meeting, and
it was very obvious that he was nervous.  Of course everyone got up to
welcome him into the group, and he quickly stripped down to join us.

He was a real hot man, and I found it hard not to spring a woodie.  Tim was
a 6'2" retired Marine, in his late 40's, and still in fighting form.
Muscles everywhere, and very hairy except for his shaved head.  Furry
chest, legs, arms, back, and a forest seemed to be growing out of his butt
crack.  And a nice, soft 4" uc dick resting on a couple of big, hairy
balls.  What a sight!

The evening progressed with a lot of good conversation, dancing, swimming
in the pool out back.  Just a normal monthly meeting of naked guys.  Being
the host, and having the hots for Tim, I spent a lot of time with him
making sure that he was comfortable and having a good time.  He slowly
joined into the group and really came alive in the pool, joining into the
splashing and horse play.

Slowly, people started leaving around midnight until, at 1 a.m., Tim and I
were alone in the spa.  We were chatting, and he mentioned that he found it
refreshing that a group of guys could get together and spend the evening
naked without sex being the main objective.  I reminded him of the rules of
the club, but also mentioned that they didn't apply after the meetings.
After that, he reached over and grabbed my hand to place it on his crouch,
which was rapidly growing to its full 9" length.

Of course I groaned with pleasure and started stroking him, and he grabbed
my wood, rubbing around my head and getting under my skin.  We kissed.  And
then he whispered that his son was home from San Diego and might like to
join us, if I didn't mind.  Hell, he could have invited the entire corps as
far as I was concerned.  I said "OK" and got him the phone and he called
Junior.  After a couple of minutes, he hung up and said that we would have
company in about 10 minutes.

My mind was racing with the thought of Tim and a junior version of him in
my pool and hot tub.  I asked if I should put on something to open the door
when Junior arrived and got the answer of "just me".  Asked what that
meant, and Tim told me that we would be at the door with me on my knees
sucking him down my throat when he opened the door for Junior.  OK - fine
with me - let's not be bashful.  Especially with the thought of two hot
marines for the rest of the night!

We sat at the bar talking and stroking each other until we heard the car
drive up and the door slam.  I got down on my knees by the door and Tim
shoved his horse-cock through my lips The bell rang, Tim counted to five,
and opened the door.

I looked up and almost chocked--there was a younger carbon copy of Tim
waiting to get in.  Same build, big bulge in his shorts, great legs.  I
spit out Dad's cock, stood, and pulled Junior in.  He had a big shit-eating
grin on his face and said "Dad, I knew you were up to no good when you left
tonight, but this is great!  Thanks for sharing."

Tim noticed my surprised look and told me that he and Junior had been very
close since the wife/mother had run off with another jarhead when Junior
was 18.  Wanting to be like his dad, Junior had joined the Marines when he
graduated from high school to follow in his dad's footsteps.  As it turned
out, he was usually in front.

Junior stripped down, and I was surprised to see that his shaved head
matched the rest of his body--as smooth as mine.  He explained that his dad
didn't like the competition and shaved him so there would be no doubt on
who was the boss.  Plus, it helped him get in and out of the wet suit since
he was training to be a SEAL.

No complaints from me.  Drinks for all and we moved back to the hot tub.  I
was placed between Tim and his son and soon found out that would be my
position for the rest of the morning.  They liked to play around with a guy
(ME!) with Tim plowing into me while I rode Junior.  Didn't take too much
convincing.

After stroking two almost identical dicks and enjoying every stroke, Junior
said that he had an itch and draped his hot hairless body over the side.
He reached back and spread his cheeks, so I dove in and tongued like there
was no tomorrow.  Tim was behind me, massaging my ass and playing with my
hole, encouraging me to dig deeper.  We kept this routine going until
Junior begged me to feed my cock to him and let his dad take me.

Hey guys, who can refuse an offer like that?  Junior got up on his knees
and opened wide, grabbed me, and guided me into his hot hole.  I was trying
to slide in gently when Tim shoved his rod all the way into me.  We were
quickly plastered ass to stomach to ass to stomach. Man, was it hot.  I
just kept position as Tim senior pounded my butt which drove me into Tim
junior.  Senior humped me faster and faster, and I grabbed Junior's cock
and balls to try to maintain position.

The stimulation worked.  Junior shot all over the deck in big gushes of
white cream.  His ass muscles choked my cock and I shot, which caused Tim
Senior to fill my butt with his man load.  Spasm after spasm rocked us
until we finally fell into a heap, and then finally rolled back into the
spa.

After we got back to earth, we took a leisurely swim in the pool and sat on
the steps at the shallow end.  Tim said that they should probably be
getting home.  I offered to let them spend the night, mentioning my
waterbed and a promise of breakfast in bed, depending on what they might
want.  They looked at each other, winked, and decided to stay.

We got out of the pool and toweled each other off and walked slowly into my
bedroom, me in the middle of father and son, my hands playing with two hard
sets of hard marine glutes.  I had visions of learning more about the
SEALS, and the man that had fathered one of them.

Want to hear about breakfast in bed?  Let me know at texanuc@aol.com