Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Thu, 26 May 2016 15:56:31 +0100 (BST)
From: "rampage938@btinternet.com"
Subject: "IT'S ALRIGHT SON" - 2

One hot, dry and windy day I made my way with cleaning supplies in hand,
down to Sergeant Haskell's apartment to give it its weekly cleaning. I was
wearing a short pair of Levi cut-offs that highlighted my tight buns and
hairy legs, an ancient tank top that was so worn and stretched it barely
covered my torso, and running shoes but not socks. When I opened the door
to Haskell's apartment, his pungent masculinity overwhelmed me. How the
fuck did this man work up such a vapour of masculinity? God, what a turn on
it was! Simply standing in the doorway, breathing in his maleness, was
enough to initiate an inevitably lubricious stimulation in my groin.
Standing in his darkened living room, I considered whether to jack off
there and then or to make a start on my duties. I decided on the latter
course of action.

From where I stood I could see right through into the kitchen and down the
hall to the bedroom and bathroom. The kitchen looked OK; anyway, he hardly
ever used it. I made my way down the hall, clicked the light on in the
bedroom and shook my head in disbelief. The sheets which should have been
on the bed were lying in a tangled heap on the floor, along with the
pillows. Clothes were strewn everywhere. As I looked closer, I saw that the
sheets were heavily stained with dried jism. Lying on the bedside locker
was a pair of men's tight cotton drawers. When I picked them up I could see
immediately they would be far too small for Haskell to wear. Lying next to
them was a half-used tube of KY jelly, some of which had oozed from the
tube and was half way to setting. Holy cow! There was even a used condom on
the floor at the head of the bed. Must have been one helluva fuck!! Blood
rushed straight to my cock just thinking about Haskell's dick buggering the
living daylights out of some poor unsuspecting bastard. Some young,
innocent greenhorn recruit had go the wrong side of his instructor, been
ordered to report to him when they got back to base, and had been well and
truly punished for his misdemeanours - the lucky sod!

I picked the condom up off the floor and was about ready to throw it in the
trash bin when I thought I would try it on for size. It did not look as if
any cum residue was in it, but it had definitely been worn. Popping the
buttons of my cut-offs, my stiff cock bounced into the air, searching for
freedom and release. I brushed the condom across the head of my cock and a
pearly drop of sticky fluid emerged from my piss slit, coating the condom
with glutinous pre-cum. Haskell's own unique odour, combined with the
faintly lingering smell of recent sex, permeated the bedroom and I was fast
approaching meltdown. I eagerly slipped the open end of the rubber over the
head of my throbbing boner. Man, was this thing stretched out! I am not
exactly small in the dick department but the Sergeant's cock must be huge
to have stretched the latex into the shape it had taken. With my back to
the door of the bedroom and caught up in the act of trying on his spent
condom, I nearly passed out from fright when a rough, calloused hand caught
me a stinging crack across my backside. A harsh, grating voice sliced
directly into my ear. "What in all fucking Hell do you think you are doing?
And how did you get in here, pervert?"

I spun round and there was Sergeant Keith Haskell, caked in red clay mud
from head to toe with that puissant sex odour of his drifting over me. The
shock of being caught in flagrante, with my cock wearing his used condom as
some bizarre kind of revolutionary flag, combined with my cut-offs being
down round my ankles, caused me to fall right into his muscular, furry
arms. He held me for a moment, eye to eye, my cock still hard and thrumming
wildly against his combats, then he slowly lowered me down until I was
kneeling in front of his mud-caked booted feet. His right foot moved
forward until my balls and stiff condom covered cock rested on the toe and
laces of his filthy boot. Applying a steady pressure, he dragged the toe of
his boot up the full length of the underside of my cock, sending shock
waves of lust racing through my young, violently shaking body. My nipples
hardened instantly and I moaned audibly in submission to the quiet virility
and power of the man before me. I looked up and met his darkly shining
emerald eyes. Without hesitation, I obeyed the unspoken command issuing
from them. Placing my arms behind my back, I leant forward and began
methodically attempting to clean the dirt from his boots with my tongue. It
did not take very long for my face to be covered with a mixture of saliva
and the indigenous red mud of the countryside. As the leather of his boots
began to respond to my ministrations, Haskell took a step backwards, leaned
over and with his hand under my muddy chin, lifted my face towards his
groin. Winding his fingers in my hair, he dragged my face into his
crotch. Here was the centre of him, the centre of his overwhelming
sexuality, the centre of his manhood.

I could feel his cock pulsing under the fabric as he dragged my face back
and forth across its tumescent length. He brought my mouth to his shrouded
cockhead. I required no further instruction from him as my tongue flicked
out and swathed the impressive helmet of his sex through his pants. Saliva
was pouring from me, soaking the cloth shrouding his glans until his
manhood's ridge was plainly outlined. Trembling no longer with fear and
embarrassment but with unbridled lust, I reached up and unbuckled his belt,
unzipped his fly and tugged urgently at his combats to expose his air force
issue boxer shorts. His visibly throbbing masculinity was trapped in the
leg of the pungent cotton shorts, drenched in a cocktail of my saliva and
his sexual lubricant. Long and thick, it was capped with a baby's fist of a
head. I had to have it all. Releasing it from its fabric prison proved to
be no easy task and Haskell's need was clearly as great as my own. He was
so steely hard and his need was so urgent I fumbled with his shorts, unable
to liberate his pulsating, quivering erection. Grunting his frustration at
my inept performance, he roughly pushed my slavering tongue away from his
groin, grabbed the fly of his shorts in both hands and ripped them apart,
thereby freeing his magnificent manhood. It slapped against my cheek, the
huge cap like a heat seeking missile destined for its target, my mouth,
finding it, tearing its way inside, forcing its girth and length past my
teeth, across my tongue, diving straight for my throat. Could I take it?
Haskell was past caring. My nose was quickly buried in his sweaty auburn
cock hair, crackling like fireworks on the fourth of July, in front of my
eyes, his thrumming dick beating a primitive but approving tattoo inside my
throat. His fiery-haired balls scratched my chin as they bobbed and swung
to the rhythm of his pelvic thrusts.

I seized his golden thighs, running my hands up and down their hairy
brawniness, driving him deeper and deeper down my throat, towards my
gullet. Haskell was uncompromising in his assault, tugging unmercifully on
my hair, forcing his great length into me until my tears met with his
flowing lubrication and my saliva. I felt him swell in preparation for the
launch of a massive load of jism, but I did not want this to end. I pulled
off his cock and watched in amazement as it snapped back against his
treasure trail of golden red hair reaching just above his navel. Lacking
the onslaughts in my mouth and down my throat, I made up for the loss by
greedily devouring one of his copper wire balls, pulling it taut and laving
it with the juices flowing out of me. Haskell moaned with satisfaction,
spreading his legs wider to give me better access to his low-hanging
testicles. As I worked them over with my tongue and all-devouring mouth, I
spread his arse cheeks and began licking my way along his perineum towards
his perspiring, reeking arsehole. This was to be my undoing.

With the speed of lightning, I found myself flat on my back and Haskell's
ripe arse firmly planted over my face. I felt I was about to suffocate but
was happy with that thought because digging into his arsehole with my
tongue was sending my prick dancing wildly with unrestrained
lechery. Haskell leant forward over my torso to open his sweet-and-sour
hole even further while his big cock drummed rhythmically against my
hairless chest. I licked all the day's odour and sweaty stickiness away,
smoothing the hairs around his pink hole until it opened like a rosebud
unfolding in the warmth of sunlight. Surprising me, Haskell leant further
forward and stripped the spent condom from my cock, plunging his mouth down
my eight and a half steel-hard inches, taking me to the root. His thick
fingers were soon rubbing up and down my arse crack searching for my
teenage hole. I knew I was about to get fucked big time, but I did not know
what I craved more: his nine inches of man-cannon sawing in and out of my
horny hole, or continuing the arsehole feast I was gorging on.

Flipping around and placing himself firmly between my out-spread legs,
Sergeant Haskell grabbed an ankle in each calloused hand, stretching my
legs like a wishbone to expose my twitching hole to his heat seeking
missile of a cock. With lust glazed eyes, he spat a huge wad on to the head
of his cock. Leaning forward, he pushed it slowly but forcibly into my fuck
hole. I inhaled sharply with pain at the colossal intrusion. As I did so,
Haskell took advantage, forcing more than half his cock into my rectum,
roughly pushing my body along the carpet toward the bed as he continued the
assault with his fully loaded cannon. Seconds later he was pounding into me
as if he was in an almost uncontrollable rage. All I could do was to hold
on to his mighty arms and surrender my being to his manhood. My own cock
was stone hard and tapping against my abdomen. Haskell's prick hammered my
prostate, coaxing me closer and closer to orgasm. I could feel the head of
his cock rub repeatedly against me, driving me further and further towards
oblivion. His plum-headed penis was at the gateway to my arse when the
first shot of jism erupted from my cock and landed on my forehead. With my
mouth wide open in a soundless scream of release the next shot coated my
lips and scorched my tongue. I convulsed with pleasure as his prick swelled
inside me. Just as I thought I could not cum any more, his cock pounded the
walls of my rectum and jettisoned six massive spurts of seed, pushing even
more sex juice from my turgid prick. Panting, sweating, collapsing in a
haze of sex scents and semen, with his still hard cock in my arse, Haskell
put his arms around me and pulled me to him. In a complete reversal of his
previous roughness and domination, he gently kissed the cum from my
forehead and brought his lips to mine. "It's alright son," he whispered,
"it's alright." With the fur of his chest teasing my nipples to hardness
again, he began a slow in and out of his massive pleasure rod, working both
of us toward an even higher peak of sexual rapture.

I let my host know that I was going to be staying with some buddies for a
few days and remained in Haskell's love nest for three whole days, stopping
only to eat, shower, shave and shag. He shagged me on the floor, in the
bed, on the settee, bent over the kitchen table, standing up, lying down,
sitting, squatting, anywhere and any way he could. I never imagined any man
could manufacture such vast quantities of sperm - he must have made enough
to repopulate half the county. Suddenly, it was all over. By the time I set
off for Uni, he had been posted overseas and I lost touch with him.
However, even after all the time that has elapsed since those halcyon days,
I can still hear his voice whispering in my ear, "It's alright, son, it's
alright."

Laurie Page, December 2008

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Thu, 26 May 2016 14:05:12 +0100 (BST)
From: "rampage938@btinternet.com"
Subject: "IT'S ALRIGHT, SON" - 1

Hi, guys. I have managed to find a few hours in a very busy schedule to
cobble together this tale, which I trust you will all enjoy. Just a quick
reminder to keep up your donations to Nifty, they are very much
appreciated. Hope this one meets with your approval.

I had begun to fill out my lanky frame with a more developed upper torso
after regular visits to the local swimming pool and a new weight lifting
regime I had started during my final year at college. I still had a smooth,
hairless chest except for a few hairs sprouting around my nipples.
Nevertheless, I considered my extremely hairy legs and tight, neat butt my
best assets. I had been running long distance track all through school and
college and as a consequence my thighs and calves had developed very
nicely, thank you.

After experiencing several frustratingly unsuccessful attempts at fucking
some of the more forthcoming females in our year, my very best
school/college buddy Wanker (real name Juan Kerr) had persuaded me -
without too much difficulty it has to be said - that both of us ought to
give gay sex a try. We experimented between ourselves at first and found we
both liked it a lot and soon began branching out, finding it much easier
getting our hands inside a guy's undies than fumbling around with bras and
panties and all that crap. There was also the question of enduring
considerable embarrassment when we lost our hard-ons at the crucial
moment. Somehow, when push came to shove, we found the idea of putting our
dicks into that sloppy slit was a real turn off. Curiously, that did not
happen when a guy bent over, gagging for a big hard cock to be inserted
into his anal orifice and proceeded to have his brains almost fucked out by
two over-sexed eighteen-year-olds!

The inevitable result of these activities was that we both enjoyed an
abundance of male-on-male sexual encounters during our final school
year. Don't get me wrong, sex with guys around your own age is great but I
rapidly developed an unabashed lust for dirty sex, the dirtier the better,
with older, more experienced partners. A number of encounters being cruised
by mature men in the local parks or the cinema appeared to have spoilt me
for anything else. I was also influenced by the fact they seemed honestly
appreciative of my willingness to participate in whatever games they had in
mind and were eager to meet me again, and again, and again - purely to
further my education in sexual matters, you understand.

Once Wanker and I walked away from school for the last time, I decided I
would try for a summer job to earn some extra cash. I set off with high
hopes and was not too fussy about being a 'washer-upper' in the local fast
food outlets, or a shelf filler at the local Sainsbury's or Morrison's. I
had seen plenty of guys about my age doing such menial jobs to earn money
while they were sorting out a career and was amazed when I found myself
still unemployed and loafing around town a fortnight later. Finding
employment for the summer months while waiting to start my fresher year at
university was going to be a challenge and was not willing to be defeated
(and in desperation) I accepted an invitation to spend time with a long
standing acquaintance of the family.  He was an unmarried sergeant in the
Royal Air Force who occupied a bachelor apartment in a three-storey 'U'
shaped complex close to where he was based. Two things persuaded me to give
it a go (no, I did not tell my folks my reasons for accepting his invite.)
First, I would be close to a huge RAF base where hundreds of hunky - and
hopefully horny - guys would be around day and night. Second, the base was
located not far from the coast with access to a superb surfing beach used
occasionally for international competitions. As far as I was concerned, the
competition for my favours would be between surfers and airmen!

After some hesitation, Dad persuaded Mum that I was about to leave home
soon anyway, a taste of having to fend for myself could only be a good
thing for me. They saw me off at the local coach station - my initial
experience of student life: forget the train, it's too expensive - and I
settled back for the ride. I picked up a magazine at random at the coach
station trusting it was one of those so-called soft porn mags, all tits and
bums. I pulled it out of my bag and nearly crapped myself. Instead of what
I'd hoped I'd grabbed, this one turned out to be a serious, intellectual
publication. However, the headline on the front cover grabbed me by the
gonads. It read: MILITARY PUNISHMENT THROUGH THE AGES.

I instantly turned to the article and spent the next two hours engrossed in
no holds barred descriptions of the savage punishments meted out to errant
soldiers and sailors over two centuries. The article was lavishly
illustrated with reproductions of early engravings and drawings of boys and
young men being thrashed within an inch of their lives with the cat o' nine
tails or an evil looking instrument called "a tawse", just for some minor
infringement of naval or army discipline. The originals of these
illustrations had mostly been done from life as the poor sods were being
chastised. These had been submitted to the War Office or Admiralty as proof
the sentence had been carried out. Naturally, with typical military
thoroughness, they had been stored away in the archives to await discovery
by a researcher impatiently looking for suitably detailed material for his
magnum opus. I arrived at my destination with a raging hard-on and a cock
threatening to flood my underpants with sticky pre-seminal fluid. Was
somebody up there trying to warn me about something? I had great difficulty
getting off that coach without embarrassing everyone - including myself -
by the state of the tented frontage of my jeans! I hastily buried the
publication at the bottom of my bag.

Quickly settling in with my host, I spent the first few days resuming my
search for a summer job. I had hoped that being close to the air base and
the coast it should prove somewhat easier to find something than it had
been back home. As soon as I became familiar with the locality, however, my
enthusiasm took a sharp nose-dive. There were so many hunky men around the
place I was jerking off three or four times a day, then cruising the town
and getting laid two or three times a night. I found the whole process very
tiring! Not only was my host becoming fed up with a randy teenager loafing
about hardly contributing so much as washing up the breakfast dishes but
also one who had lately taken to wandering around his apartment in his
skimpy briefs with what appeared to be a permanent erection! He was getting
suspicious of what exactly I was up to during the day, when I was
supposedly looking for work. He was not gay himself and I think my presence
was starting to cramp his style with the ladies!

The holiday, of course, could not last and one evening, when it was pouring
down with rain and neither of us felt inclined to venture outside, he
plumped a can of ice cold lager down in front of me. As usual, I was
watching TV and thinking about the latest in a growing line of guys from
the base who were all experts at giving decent blowjobs. My host grabbed
the remote, switched off the set and growled.

"OK, sonny, I'm getting' just a mite fed up with you doing fuck all but
pull your plonker all day and splattering stuff all over my bathroom. I've
got a new lady friend I want to bring back here for a long, quiet weekend
soon, so here's what's gonna happen first thing tomorrow."

He went on to tell me, without mincing his words, that he thought I was "a
fucking lazy idle good-for-nothing layabout with nothing on his filthy
little mind but his cock. The time has come, my lad, when you either shape
up or get out. You've got to get yourself work of some kind, so long as its
legal. I have arranged with Sanjeev down at the newsagents to stick a
postcard in his window for me, advertising your services to the local
community as a char, cleaning apartments a couple of days a week for a
modest sum. Evenings or weekends to be charged at double rates."

I reacted badly at first, but then I figures that I would not get too many
responses. After all, who in their right mind would want to trust an
unknown teenager with the run of their expensively furnished apartment?
Then I reconsidered: if I could earn extra cash that way, it would be more
than welcome, so I agreed to give it a try and went along with the
idea. Within the first week of that card appearing, I had five apartments
to clean!

Maintaining someone else's home struck me as being a bit sleazy at first
and it certainly was not very exciting. However, there is something
intrinsically voyeuristic about doing someone else's laundry, scrubbing out
their bathroom and generally picking up after them. It is amazing what you
can learn from a carelessly discarded bit of paper, an old envelope or
other day-to-day unconsidered detritus. For example, I found out one
officer was cheating on his wife with another man in his section; a wife
was deeply involved in a lesbian affair with a Squadron Commander's
daughter! Shit, none of that was my business, but it made great reading and
provided me with ample wanking material late at night in the privacy of my
bedroom!

All the tenants I worked for were either enlisted personnel at the base or
civilians who worked there. Four of my clients were married with kids away
at boarding school; their apartments were the easiest to clean. The fifth
client, Sergeant Keith Haskell, was a bachelor instructor who took groups
of young cadets or recruits out on to the surrounding moorland and gave
them a very hard time on what he euphemistically termed "a survival
course." Although he was out on manoeuvres most of the time, his apartment
always looked as if a cyclone had passed through it whenever he spent any
amount of time there. My arrangements were to clean each unit when the
occupants were not at home. With Sergeant Haskell it was a little more
difficult because his schedule was extremely erratic but most of the time
he was not there. When I first met Haskell I was taken with his sturdy,
muscular build, particularly with the clearly defined swelling in his
combats. He must have been in his late thirties with copper coloured hair
and piercing green eyes. He also possessed an attitude that was all
business, in that uniquely military way all long-serving soldiers seem to
acquire. I have to say he gave me a major ache in my balls and a more or
less permanent hard-on.

To be continued....