Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Sat, 29 Jul 2006 05:24:24 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE RETURN 3-5

DEDICATION: To all members of the United State Marine Corps - especially
those serving in foreign posts.

Copyright 2006 by RimPig. All rights reserved. Permission is granted to
Nifty Archives, to archive and display this work. All other uses are
expressly forbidden unless explicit arrangement has been made with the
author. This copyright applies to all chapters and pages of this work. It
may not be reproduced, posted, stored electronically, or archived, except
for personal, non-public use, without the express written permission of the
author.

MARINE RETURN
Part 3
by RimPig   2006

As we sat there, me slowly sipping at the can of beer Darren had given me
while he slugged down both beers he'd gotten for himself along with a hefty
shot of the bourbon straight from the bottle, I tried to figure out what to
do. The decision was taken away from me, however, when Brian woke up again
and, like the typical kid, looked over at his father and said, "Daddy, I'm
hungry!".

Food! Yeah! That sounded like a good idea. At least it would cut some of
the alcohol that Darren was consuming.

"That sounds like a good idea. How about we go get something to eat? My
treat." I said.

Darren looked at me as if I'd just suggested that we go take the next
shuttle to Mars but at that moment Brian piped up again.

"Yeah, Daddy! McDonald's!" he exclaimed, bouncing up and down in my lap at
the idea.

I guess things hadn't changed much since Darren and I had been
kids. McDonald's was always our number one choice of fine dining. A choice,
I might add, that our parents generally were not thrilled with but which
usually won out since it was both cheap and it had a playground where we
would busy ourselves after wolfing down our hamburgers and french fries,
leaving them alone in peace and air conditioned comfort in the restaurant.

Darren looked over at his bouncing, smiling son and gave him a sad smile.

"Sure, buddy." he said and then looked up at me. "You mind? He loves
McDonald's."

"No. I don't mind. In case you've forgotten, we loved McDonald's when we
were his age." I smiled at my brother.

"Yeah, I do remember, Bro. I remember lots from when we were growing up."
Darren said, enigmatically.

I wasn't exactly sure to what he was referring but I had a strange feeling
it perhaps had to do with that time when we were constant sexual outlets
for each other but I couldn't be sure. At any rate, Darren again addressed
his son.

"Okay, buddy, if you want to go to McDonald's you gotta go put on more
clothes than that."

Brian evidently wanted to go to McDonald's badly because he flew out of my
lap and ran out of the living room, no doubt headed for his room to
dress. I grinned at Darren at the energy and enthusiasm that Brian showed.

"I wish some of the men I train had that kind of enthusiasm." I said.

"Yeah...well...that's kids, Bro. It can get to be tiring sometimes, believe
me." he said.

"Yeah. I guess it can. I guess it's going to be hard now having to handle
him on your own." I said quietly.

"To tell you the truth, Bro, I haven't even thought much about it." he
said, looking away. "I guess I'd better go get dressed, too."

He got up off the couch and I noticed he wasn't too steady on his feet. I
wondered if he was going to make it to his bedroom. He was half-way across
the living room towards a hallway which evidently led to the bedrooms as
that is where Brian had gone running to as well, when he stopped and turned
back.

"Where are you staying, Bro?" he asked.

"Well, I hadn't really thought about it. I guess I could stay with Mom and
Dad." I said.

"Please stay with me, Bro. I need you." he said, his voice quiet but very
intent.

There was no way I could refuse Darren anything. I never could.

"Then that's settled. I'm staying with you." I told him.

At that, he gave me a small smile and headed on down the hallway. I sat
there wondering what was going on with Darren. He did seem completely at a
loss but not at all sad, not the way you would expect a grieving husband to
be. He obviously had not been crying except when I first arrived, there was
no redness in his eyes that I could see. True, it was obvious that he'd
been drinking quite a bit but there just didn't seem to be the sadness and
grief that a death, especially the death of your spouse, would engender. I
got the feeling, however, that perhaps the reason that Darren wanted me to
stay with him was because he wanted to talk. At least I hoped so. He needed
to get this out of him, and not continually repress it with booze. I had
real concerns for Brian if he didn't.

I drove the three of us to the McDonald's that Darren and I had always
eaten at as children. In the years that I had been gone, it hadn't changed
at all. The playground was still there so, after wolfing down his kid's
meal, Brian went off to play on the swings and Darren and I sat there
continuing to eat. At least Darren still had an appetite. He'd ordered two
Quarter Pounders with cheese, a giant order of fries and a large vanilla
milkshake. I'd ordered a Big Mac, a fish sandwich and a regular order of
fries with a Coke.

"How long are you here for?" Darren asked me, taking a sip of his
milkshake.

"Well, technically, my compassionate leave is for ten days. However, I've
got a lot of built-up leave and can stay longer if you need me to." I
answered.

"Where are you stationed now?" he asked.

"Camp Pendleton." I answered.

"Where's that?"

"Oh, sorry. It's in Oceanside, California. Near San Diego." I said.

"That's in southern California, right?" he asked.

"Yeah. Almost to the Mexican border. In fact, you can drive to Tijuana in
less than forty-five minutes."

"You like it there?" he asked.

"Yeah. I do. It's a nice place. Warm and there's a nice beach there." I
said.

"So you really live in a barracks?" he asked.

"Well, yeah. But I have a my own room. It's not like bootcamp or anything."
I said.

"You have to live in a barracks?" he asked.

"Well...no. It's just that to rent an apartment on my own is expensive. And
what for?"

"Oh, I don't know - like having a personal life?" he asked.

I laughed.

"And what would I do with one if I had it?"

"Well, Bro, what about...well...what about getting laid?" he asked.

"Uhh...I don't have any trouble where that's concerned." I said, looking
away from him.

"I thought that the Marine Corps frowned on that kind of stuff?" he asked.

I looked at him in shock. This was the first time he'd ever acknowledged
that I wasn't 'straight'.  That I had sex with other guys.

"What the Corps officially frowns on and what actually happens are
oftentimes two very different things." I said tersely.

"Hey! Bro! I'm not putting you down or anything. I just...I don't know...I
know so little about your life. It's not like we've ever had the chance to
talk about it before." he said quietly.

"I never figured you would want to. You made it pretty clear a long time
ago that you didn't want anything to do with that part of my life." I said.

"How do you figure that?" he asked, looking completely confused.

"The way that you just stopped having anything to do with me and spent all
your time with as many cheerleaders as you could bang." I said, trying
desperately hard not to sound as hurt and jealous as I'd been at the time.

Darren looked at me like I'd slapped him.

"Is that what you thought? That I didn't want anything to do with you?"

"What was I supposed to think? You stopped asking me to sleep in your bed
so I figured that you didn't want...you didn't want..."

For some reason I couldn't bring myself to say it. I wasn't ashamed of
being gay. I certainly wasn't ashamed of anything that Darren and I had
done together but we had never really talked about it. Never. It was just
like this unspoken thing between us.

"Bro...I don't know how to say this...I got afraid that I was taking
advantage of you. I mean, I knew you'd practically do anything for me. I
knew you looked up to me and I started to get afraid that maybe you didn't
really want to do that stuff with me but you did it because I wanted it. I
figured that if you wanted to continue, you'd say something but you never
did." he said and I knew very clearly that he was telling me the truth.

"Fuck, no! I didn't say anything! What was I going to say? It was always
you who took the lead!  You were the one who decided when and where and
how. The one time I initiated anything on my own, you made me feel like
some kind of sick bastard." I hissed at him, keeping my voice down so that
no one would hear us.

"When was that?!" he asked, truly shocked by the vehemence of my outburst.

"Remember my thirteenth birthday? When you made yourself my present?" I
asked quietly.

He looked at me in confusion and then I could see understanding dawn in his
eyes.

"Oh! That! Oh, fuck! Yeah. I remember that. You shocked me is all. I didn't
know what to do with that. It caused some things that you couldn't even
begin to understand then. Look, Bro.  There's a fuck of a lot we need to
talk about. Let's get Brian and go home. We can't talk about this in the
middle of McDonald's." he said, looking around at the crowded restaurant.

"No. You're right. Yeah. Let's go back to your place. But, what about
Brian? I don't think he needs to be hearing any of this either." I said.

"Look outside at the playground." Darren smiled.

I turned and saw Brian running around the playground with two other little
boys.

"They've been like that the whole time we've been talking. Trust me,
Bro. When we get him home, he'll go right to sleep." Darren said.

I drove us back to Darren's house and by the time we got there, Brian was
already asleep on the back seat of my rental car. When we got there, Darren
carried his son inside and I followed as he took Brian to his bedroom. The
room reminded me so much of the one that Darren and I had grown up in. It
even had model airplanes hanging from the ceiling just like there had been
in our old room. The planes had been Darren's. He was the one who put the
models together.

As Darren got Brian's clothes off and got him into bed, I looked around at
the room. Brian had woken up and Darren got him his stuffed teddy bear and
got him under the covers.

"You get some sleep now, buddy." I heard Darren say and when I looked
around, he was leaning over and kissing his son.

I wished I'd had a camera because it was such a beautiful, tender scene of
father and son. I saw Brian reach up and pull his Dad back down by his
shirt and saw him whispering in Darren's ear.  Then Darren looked up at me.

"He wants you to tuck him in, too." Darren smiled at me.

"How do I do that?" I asked.

"You just give him a kiss and tell him goodnight."

I walked over to Brian's small bed, leaning down as he reached up his
little arms to me. I let him grab hold of my fatigues as I leaned down and
kissed his cheek. He turned and kissed me, kind of off center of my mouth.

"Goodnight, Brian." I murmured.

"Nite, 'rick" he said, in as close approximation to 'Derrick' as he could
get.

I grinned at him and he at me. It was then a feeling went through me of
such profound sadness and longing that it all but took my breath away. What
I wouldn't give for a son like Brian. A boy to love me as openly, intensely
and unconditionally as Brian seemed to. A feeling I didn't ever remember
having before, wanting a son of my own - or at least to be a part of my
brother's son's life. But there was no chance. I wouldn't even see Brian
all that often unless I came home more and what would any of it mean? I'd
just be his visiting uncle, the Marine, who showed up every so
often. Nothing more than that.

I stood up and moved toward the door, reaching up to touch one of the
airplane models hanging from the ceiling as I walked out. Darren was right
behind me, closing the door to Brian's room as he left.

"Just like the models that you hung in our room." I said to him.

"Not just like them. Those ARE them." he said.

"You brought those from our old room?" I asked in surprise.

"Yeah. Last year. Brian was over at Mom and Dad's house and fell in love
with them so I promised I'd take them down and hang them in his room."
Darren said, almost sheepishly, like he was embarrassed by the
sentimentality of what he'd done.

"Still keeping promises to little boys, huh, Darren?" I said.

"Yeah. I guess so." he answered but very embarrassedly.

We went into the living room and sat down on the couch. Darren asked me if
I wanted another beer.

"No. I don't and, to be honest with you, if we're going to talk seriously,
I really wish you wouldn't have anymore either." I said quietly.

Darren looked at me strangely, then sat down on the couch next to me.

"No. I guess I've had enough, huh? Before you got here I was feeling pretty
messed up and totally alone. Now that you're here, though, I don't feel so
lost. I can't believe you came, Bro."  he said, reaching out and putting
his hand on my arm.

"Did you think I wouldn't? Fuck, Darren! I hopped a plane the minute the
Chaplain came and told me what happened! Did you really think that I
wouldn't want to be here for you?" I asked, surprised at Darren's
statement.

"I wasn't sure. You hadn't come home in such a long time. I didn't think
you ever wanted to come home, not that I could blame you." he said, putting
his head down so that I couldn't see his face.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, what was there for you here? I'd fucked up and gotten married. As
far as I knew, you didn't really have any friends here and you were never
all that close to Mom and Dad so I just figured you'd stay in the Marine
Corps and I'd never see you again." he said and I could hear the bitterness
in his voice.

"Darren, it wasn't like that. I'm sorry. Things just kinda got
overwhelming, what with the Corps sending me all over the world for
tournaments and all. I've only been at Camp Pendleton for about six months
now. This is the first time I haven't been traveling most of the year since
I entered the Corps. I wasn't avoiding you! And, as far as you getting
married, I realize that you probably hadn't intended to get your wife
pregnant, but that adorable little boy asleep in there was no 'fuck up'!" I
told him.

"No. I know that! Shit! Brian's the only thing that's kept my life from
being totally miserable for the last four years!" he said.

"What do you mean?" I asked in shock.

"Bro, I don't know exactly how to put this except to say this straight out,
the way it is. I didn't love Christine. I sure as fuck never wanted to get
married but getting married was the only way I knew to have a son. I wanted
a kid so bad! I don't know why but I'd wanted a son for almost as long as I
could remember. I wanted to have a son and be a 'Dad'. I don't know if
you've ever felt that way?" he asked.

"Yeah. I have. I felt it when I tucked Brian in just now." I said quietly,
looking away from Darren in embarrassment.

"You did?! Bro! That's great!" he exclaimed and I turned back to see Darren
grinning at me.

I looked at him quizzically.

"Why is that 'great'?" I asked him.

"Bro, will you answer me one question completely honestly?" Darren asked
instead of answering me.

"Darren, I've never lied to you!" I insisted, somewhat miffed that he'd
even imply that I wouldn't tell him the truth.

"No, Bro. I know you've never 'lied' to me. I'm not talking about
lying. I'm talking about telling the whole truth. Not holding anything
back. Not covering over anything or leaving anything out.  Would you do
that for me?" he begged.

I stared at him for a moment. Yes, I guess I could see his point. There was
a lot between us that had been held back, covered over or left out. So much
that we had never, could never, say to each other.

"Yeah. I can do that." I said quietly.

"Bro, were you ever in love with me?" he asked quietly.

I looked up at him, searching his face for some kind of indication of why
he was asking that, of all things. But all I could see was a type of
yearning eagerness in his eyes.

"I'm still in love with you, Darren. As hard as I've tried, I've never been
able to stop being in love with you." I said and, without my ability to
control or stop them, my eyes were suddenly filled with tears that were
streaming down my cheeks.

The next thing I knew, I could feel Darren's hands on my face and his lips
pressing hard against mine, kissing me more passionately that I could ever
remember being kissed by anyone in my life.  Not that I'd ever been kissed
by that many guys. (A lot of Marines will suck your cock, even eat your ass
but won't kiss you because that would be 'queer'. It always amazed me the
lengths males will go to in order to assuage their idea of what constitutes
being 'a man'.) Slowly, as Darren's tongue licked against my upper lip, I
opened to him and for the first time, I was kissing my brother, the man I
loved more than anyone else in the world! It was an unbelievable kiss! I
could feel Darren's hands slipping down until his arms encircled me, my
arms trapped at my sides under his arms, pulling me to him. I just let
myself mold to him as we sat there on the couch, making out like a couple
of horny teenagers.

"God! I was so afraid I'd lost you!" Darren murmured, finally pulling his
mouth away from mine.

"I...I don't understand?" I murmured, looking at him, amazed at this turn
of events.

Darren slid his arms from around me until they were sliding down my arms
and finally he captured my hands in his. He pulled them up until they were
where he could lean down and gently kiss the knuckles of each of my
hands. It was an entirely romantic and completely unexpected gesture. I
guess Darren realized this because he looked up at me, grinning sheepishly.

"I thought that once you found out I was married, you'd never want anything
to do with me ever again." he said.

"Darren, if you wanted me, why did you get her pregnant?"

"I didn't. Well...not intentionally. Christine found out how much I wanted
a son. She had told me she was using birth control but she lied to me. She
got pregnant on purpose to force me to marry her. I didn't love her and she
sure as fuck didn't love me. She wanted someone to take care of her and pay
her bills. She never lifted a finger to take care of Brian. She left that
all to me." he said.

"What the fuck did she do?" I asked.

"Well, she didn't fuckin' work, that's for sure. Basically, she slept until
noon, then went out with her girlfriends to bars and picked up guys to
fuck. All the time, I was working and paying all the bills and taking care
of Brian when he wasn't in day-care. I couldn't even trust him alone with
her because I knew she wouldn't take care of him. She made it very clear
after she gave birth that she didn't want anything to do with him." Darren
said.

"So why didn't you divorce her?" I asked, astounded.

"Because I thought that I'd lose Brian if I did! The courts always give the
children, especially children Brian's age, to the mother. Of course, I
figured that Christine didn't really want him but I couldn't take the
chance. She'd try to get custody just to spite me - that, and to force me
to pay child support so she could keep on living without working." Darren
said.

"That couldn't possibly be true! No court would place a child with a woman
like that!" I said.

"I wasn't sure. That's the whole point, I was too scared to find out. I'd
finally had enough, though. About a month ago, I finally went to see a
divorce attorney. When I told him about the situation, he told me that with
the proof I had, there would be no problem getting custody of Brian for
me." Darren said.

"What proof?" I asked.

"Well, I have credit card receipts going back three years, all signed by
Christine, showing that she was out drinking in bars almost every night for
that whole time. I also have proof she was sleeping around with other
guys." he said.

"How did you get that?!" I exclaimed.

"Believe it or not, that was easy. You know how guys are. They get laid,
they brag about it. It didn't take long for me to find out the names of
some of the guys she was sleeping with."

"Oh, fuck! Darren! How did you stand it?" I asked, truly feeling sorry for
my brother.

"It didn't really mean anything to me. We hadn't had sex since before Brian
was born." he said.

"No sex for...what? Four years! Why?" I asked.

"Bro, I don't know if you'll believe this or not, but I'd had it with
women, long before now. In fact, I was just about to break it off with
Christine when she told me she was pregnant."

"What were you going to do?" I asked, stupidly.

"What do you think? I'd finally realized that what I really wanted was
another guy. I'd been playing around with other guys for a long time. Even
while Christine and I were dating, I was still seeing some of them." he
said.

"I always figured that you had been having sex before that first night." I
said quietly. "You just knew too much."

"Yeah. I had, Bro. I'd been having sex with other guys since I was about
thirteen. But you gotta believe me when I tell you that when I realized
that I wanted out of the relationship with Christine, there was only one
guy I wanted."

"Who?" I asked.

"Who do you think? You, Bro. I wanted you. But you were in the Marines and
off in Europe somewhere. But besides that, I didn't know if you even wanted
me anymore. Then Christine hit me with being pregnant and I was stuck."
Darren said, miserably.

"I never stopped wanting you. All you ever had to do was ask." I said
softly, leaning over and kissing him gently.

"Well...I didn't know that, okay?"

"Did she know you were going to divorce her?" I asked.

"No. I never got to discuss it with her. Of course, I didn't expect her to
die, though I should have." Darren said, ruefully.

"What do you mean?"

"Bro, her death wasn't exactly an accident." Darren said.

"What are you saying?" I said, in shock.

"She was drunk when the car went out of control. It wasn't the first time,
either. She was drunk a lot of times when she came home." Darren said.

"Does Mom and Dad know about any of this?" I asked.

"No. At least I don't think so. I kept it all from them as far as I
know. They think that Christine and I were happily married. Ain't that a
joke?" he said as he sat shaking his head.

"So now you don't have to worry about any of that. She's gone and no one
can take Brian away from you. You should be happy." I said. "So why aren't
you?"

He looked at me and smiled.

"Because that's not all that I want. I'm a selfish bastard. I want it
all. I want Brian and I want you." he said, reaching out and gently
stroking my cheek with his hand.

I grabbed his hand and rubbed my cheek against it and then kissed it.

"You've always had me. All you ever had to do was ask." I said, looking
into his beautiful blue eyes.

"Well, I'm asking, Bro. I want you. I want you now, and I want you
forever. I don't want anyone else but you. But can you handle that?" he
asked, trepidation showing in his voice.

"What do you mean, can I handle that? Why couldn't I?" I asked, somewhat
annoyed at his question.

"Look, Bro. I could take Christine cheating. I didn't love her and she
didn't love me. The idea of you sleeping with someone else, though, would
tear me apart. I know you told me that getting laid wasn't a problem for
you. I figure not, especially with you looking like you do." Darren said.

"It's not. I've had plenty of other Jarheads in my bed in the last six
years but, Darren, that was just sex. That's all it was. I didn't love any
of them. Not even close! You're the only one that I've ever loved. I don't
need anyone but you. Never would have if you hadn't stopped sleeping with
me. Let's remember, it was you that stopped having sex with me - not the
other way around!" I said, my anger over his actions all those years ago
finally coming out.

"I know. I know that, Bro! I know it was me that fucked up and I know I've
got no right at all to ask you to take me back - especially now that I've
got a kid. I know that couldn't have been in your plans."  Darren said,
morosely.

"I have a big fucking news flash for you, Darren. One of the major reasons
I want to take you back is because of that beautiful little boy that's
sleeping in the other room!" I growled at him.

"Really?!" he exclaimed, grinning at me.

"Yes, really! How could you even think that I wouldn't love him? You must
not think very much of me if you think I wouldn't want to help raise your
son." I said, giving him the same glare that I gave Jarheads who fucked up
on the range during training.

Darren, however, just ignored the glare entirely and grinned at me.

"Uhh...Bro...if we raise him together, he's not my son - he's 'our' son."

I just sat there, my mouth hanging open, looking at him in shock! 'Our'
son? Darren and mine?  Brian would be my son, too? All of a sudden, I was
all choked up with my eyes burning with unshed tears. Darren put his arms
around me and pulled me to him again. I reached my arms around him and just
lay my head on his shoulder. I was so overwhelmed by my emotions, that I
didn't know what to do. But Darren, did. He gently kissed my forehead as he
murmured.

"Come on, Bro. Let's go to bed."

MARINE RETURN Part 4 by RimPig 2006

Our arms still around each other, we walked down the darkened hall to
Darren's bedroom. What I didn't realize at the time was that it was
Darren's bedroom. His alone. The house had three bedrooms and, evidently,
he and Christine hadn't slept in the same one. As we walked into the room,
I was surprised by how Spartan the room was. No pictures on the walls, just
a bed with no headboard and only one lamp on a small table next to it that
didn't match the single chest of drawers. There was no other furniture in
the room, not a chair, not anything.

The bed wasn't made and there were clothes strewn around on the
floor. Darren leaned down and started picking them up.

"I'm sorry about the mess..." he said.

I reached over and grabbed the clothes out of his hand and threw them back
on the floor. Then I reached up and put my arms around his neck.

"I don't care. I want to make love to the man I love, not a great
housekeeper." I smiled.

He smiled sheepishly and leaned down and kissed me gently and sweetly.

"And I want to make love to you but I think I better go take a shower. I
know you always loved my scent but I haven't had one in three days. I don't
think even you want me this 'fragrant'."

"Okay. I understand. I took one this morning but that seems like a long
time ago. I think I'd better take one, too." I said.

"So why don't we take one together?" Darren asked, shyly.

"You mean like the time you taught me to jack off? That was the last time
we ever took one together. Do you remember?" I asked.

"Yeah. I sure do." he grinned. "I got you to eat my cum."

"Yeah. You did. But just like you told me, it tasted good and I didn't die
from it!" I laughed.

"Hey! I told you, I ate it myself." he insisted.

"I bet you still do." I laughed and he looked shocked and then
chagrined. "You DO! Don't you?!"

"Yeah, well...I never saw any reason to stop." he grinned sheepishly.

"Tell the truth, you got me to eat your cum that day because you wanted me
to get used to it so I could suck your cock, didn't you." I said.

He looked at me with shock written all over his face.

"You figured that out?!" he exclaimed.

"Oh, not then. But later I did." I grinned.

"You always were the smart one." Darren said.

"No, I was the one who worked at it. I wasn't this great jock who got by on
my athletic prowess and good looks." I laughed.

Darren moved closer to me, slipping his arms around my waist.

"No, you were always smarter. I always envied you for that." he said
quietly.

"That's funny. I always envied you being a jock and having so many
friends." I admitted.

"I would have traded it all if I could have just had the guts to tell you
how I really felt about you."  he said.

"I didn't tell you."

"Yeah, you did. Maybe not in so many words but I knew. I knew how much you
loved me and it scared me." Darren said.

"I guess it scared me, too. That's why I couldn't ever tell you." I
said. "How about that shower?"

"You gonna take one in your uniform?" he smiled.

"No." I said.

I went to unbutton my fatigue shirt but Darren beat me to it, pushing my
hands away. He slowly unbuttoned the shirt and then spread it open, running
his hands across my chest.

"My God, Bro. You sure have changed." he said, breathing heavily.

"The Marine Corps does that to you." I said, softly.

"Damn, Bro! You're a fuckin' hunk! I mean, you were always cute but now!
Fuck!" he grinned as he gently tugged at one of my nipples.

I moaned softly. My tits were very sensitive. It was just one of the things
that I had learned about from my other Jarhead sex partners.

"Darren, we're never going to get a shower at this rate." I groaned.

He let go of my nipple and stepped back from me. I watched as he kicked off
his shoes and then quickly stripped out of his t-shirt and blue jeans. I
sat down on the bed and took off my boots and then my fatigues. Finally, I
slipped off my briefs and stood up naked. Darren was standing there naked
as well and we stood there looking at each other. It had been a very long
time since we had seen each other like this and there had been a lot of
changes.

I was shocked at Darren's body. He'd always been muscular but now, he was
not only muscular but extremely cut. The ridges and rills of his body
reminded me of an anatomy textbook showing the musculature of the body. It
was obvious that Darren had done some serious work on his body.

"Man! Do you live at the gym?" I asked in awe.

Derrick looked down at his body, almost as if he'd never seen it before.

"No, it's just that I go everyday. It was one way to work out all the anger
and frustration so that I didn't take it out on Brian or something." he
said by way of explanation. "But what about you!  Jesus, did you grow!"

I could see where Darren's eyes were pointed and it was not at my chest or
biceps. He was looking at my cock which, since we had broken physical
contact, was no longer fully boned but had softened to about three-quarters
erect.

"Yeah, I guess it's been a long time since you've seen it. Your's seems to
have grown as well." I smiled.

This was an understatement. Darren was almost fully boned as well and his
cock was way longer and thicker than I'd seen it last when he was almost
eighteen and went off to college. By my estimation, he was packing maybe an
inch or two more than the eight and a half thick inches that my cock was.

"Uhh, yeah...I guess it has since you saw it last." he grinned.

"How about that shower?"I asked, realizing that if we didn't get there
soon, we never would or not, at least, until we ended up on his bed.

"Yeah. Follow me." he said.

He led me across the hall to a large bathroom with two sinks, a tub and a
shower stall. The stall was good sized, big enough even for the two of
us. As Darren turned on the water and adjusted the taps, I had a chance to
view the back side of him. His back was as broad and muscular as his chest
and tapered to a slender waist but what had me practically drooling was his
ass! A beautiful double mound of glutes that just begged to be licked and
sucked. I had freaked Darren out by eating his ass when he was fifteen but
he was going to just have to get freaked out all over again because there
was no way I was going to let him get away until I had buried my face
between those beautiful buns and driven my tongue as far up his ass as I
could reach!

The water temperature regulated, Darren stepped into the shower and then
turned back, holding out his hand to me. I took it and stepped under the
warm water with him. He reached over into the holder and grabbed a bar of
soap which he immediately started rubbing across my chest.

"Oh, fuck, Bro! You've got such a fuckin' nice body!" he murmured as he
soapy hands explored more and more of me.

"NoT nearly as beautiful as yours but, then, mine never was." I told him.

"You just had some growin' to do, Bro. You body was so slender and
beautiful back then. I used to get boned just looking at you as you
slept. Did you know that?" he asked.

"No. I was always boned when I slept in your arms." I said.

"Yeah, I know. I loved how that little cock of yours would poke me in the
gut all the time. It ain't so little anymore though!" he laughed.

As he said this, he was soaping my groin and my cock was boned to the max
from him touching me. He gently slid his hand up and down my pole a couple
of time, enough to make me groan but then stopped.

"Turn around so I can do your back." he murmured.

I turned, placing my back to him and resting with my hands on the tiles of
the shower wall. I felt him take both hands and, beginning at my neck and
shoulders, not just soap me but massage the muscles that were sliding under
his hands. I moaned as his strong fingers worked the kinks out of my
muscles. His hands eventually glided down to where he was massaging the
globes of my ass which caused my cock, which had softened considerably
during the massage, to once again bone hard. His fingers slid into the
trench between my mounds and slid teasingly against the lips of my hole. I
groaned and involuntarily pushed back against his fingers in an almost
mindless reaction to his touch. His fingers invaded my hole about a quarter
of an inch and both of us stood stock still for a moment.

Darren didn't remove his fingers but he didn't press forward either. I got
the feeling he was waiting to see what I would do. I pushed back more and
relaxed the muscles of my ass, allowing his fingers to slide deeper inside
of me. I moaned at the feeling of his fingers spreading my opening and the
sensitive tissues beyond it. At the same time, Darren's other arm came
around my chest and his mouth attached itself to the back of my neck as we
stood there with him fucking me with his fingers and me writhing in
pleasure in his arms.

I could feel his cock pressing against one of the cheeks of my ass and I
knew that if I let this go any further, we might well end up fucking in the
shower which, while it can be fun, was not the way I wanted Darren to fuck
me for the first time in our lives. I wanted him in bed, I wanted to be
under him and I wanted to be on my back, looking up into his face, as his
body became part of my own for the first time.

Darren evidently was wanting something more than a vertical fuck in the
shower as well, for after sliding his fingers in and out of my hole a
couple of times, he withdrew them completely and released me from the hold
that his arm had on me. He stepped back and allowed me access to the shower
so that I could rinse the soap from me. I then grabbed the soap out of his
hand and began applying it to his chest.

He stood there, allowing my hands to go where they wanted. I found
particular joy in tracing all of the cuts of his muscles, particularly of
his abs and pecs. I, of course, lavished attention on his groin, giving
particular attention to his rather large, hanging scrotum and the hen-sized
eggs inside. I could see his cock was dripping pre-cum and, as much as I
wanted to taste again my favorite oral treat when we were young, I decided
that he was too close to getting off for me to go playing around. Instead,
I tugged on his shoulder, making him turn around so that I could begin to
do his back.

I did as he had done, massaging his muscles while I soaped his skin which
caused exactly the same reaction in him that it had caused in me. I slowly
worked my way down to his ass but had some concerns about what I would do
once I got there. I soaped up his glutes and worked my fingers into them,
massaging them, as I worked closer and closer to the opening between his
cheeks. I was somewhat reluctant, however, to slide my hand down into the
trench, given Darren's reaction to my rimming him so long ago. I didn't
know if he was still somewhat freaked out by anal play.  Of course, he
hadn't seemed to be when his fingers were invading my body but...

I figured 'nothing ventured, nothing gained' and began to slowly slide the
fingers of one hand between his mounds of butt-muscle. As I moved my
fingers against the opening of his body, he moaned and I could tell two
things - one, his hole was still very sensitive and two, it was tightly
closed. Evidently, nothing had ever gone 'in' that opening or, if it had,
it had happened very few times and very long ago. I wasn't about to 'press
the issue' now. I simply allowed my fingers to brush up against it and
allow the good feelings to continue for a few moments. However, since I was
already concerned about how long Darren could possibly hold out, I didn't
do it for long.  Since it was pretty clear that Darren had, indeed, not had
sex in over four years, I figured I better get us in bed quickly before he
went off by accident!

He rinsed off the soap and then we stepped out of the shower. I went to
grab a towel but Darren grabbed my arm to stop me. Instead, he grabbed a
towel and began to gently dry my body. It wasn't hard to imagine him doing
the very same thing for little Brian after his bath (or did he shower with
Daddy?). It reminded me of when I was little and Mom or Dad would dry me
off after taking a bath, usually with the same brother who was drying me
now.

Of course, I wasn't going to let any opportunity to touch Darren's body
pass me by so, after he dried me, I grabbed a towel and went to work on his
body. When I finished, Darren wrapped me in his arms and kissed me deeply
before letting me go and grabbing one of my hands, leading me back across
the hall to his bedroom and to his bed. He climbed in, pulling me in behind
him. Once there, he again took me in his arms and began kissing me
passionately. Luckily his was a rather large bed because we began rolling
around on top of it, sometimes with me on top of Darren, sometimes Darren
on top of me.

Finally, Darren ended up on top and looked down into my eyes. I figured
that, at that point, I would offer myself to him to fuck. But before I
could, he suddenly spoke.

"Bro, would you do that thing to me again?" he asked softly.

I didn't need to ask what 'thing' he was talking about. Darren wanted me to
eat his ass. Since I was more than happy to, rimming being one of my
favorite activities, I simply smiled and nodded.  He moved over on the bed
and lay face down with his legs spread. While I could have moved right to
his butt, I decided that there was more I wanted to do so, instead, I moved
over until I was laying on top of him, my hard cock pressed into the cleft
of his ass.

I began licking and nibbling at the skin of his neck and shoulders as he
groaned and writhed beneath me. I slowly moved down his back, tasting him
all over, leaving spit trails all over the musculature. Slowly I approached
his butt, and began licking and gently biting each of his cheeks, moving
from one to the other, from the outside to the center trench. Having
reached my objective, I placed my hands on each of his cheeks and pulled
them apart so that the entire crack of his ass and his winking hole became
visible to me. Like most blondes I had played with in the past, Darren's
trench was almost completely hairless. In fact, Darren had very little hair
on his body, only wisps of hair in his pits and a small puff of hair above
his cock.

As I dipped my head down and ran my nose through the cleft of his butt, I
could smell the soap I had just washed him with but I could also smell the
faint trace of sweat and musk from our rolling around in bed and Darren's
sexual excitement. While not as rich and robust as I liked the scent to be,
there was enough of it for me to enjoy and, more importantly, to trigger
the 'scent memory' of Darren's own personal scent which had stayed with me
all these years.

As much as I hated the idea of erasing what little scent was there, I more
wanted to taste him again. I began by gently running my tongue through the
entire trench, from the back of his balls to the lower part of his back,
making him moan at the feeling. After doing this several times, I focused
the attention of my tongue on the rosy, wrinkled opening of his body. As I
locked my lips around it, sucking gently while at the same time pushing
against the opening with my tongue, I could feel as much as hear the loud
groans that Darren was making as a reaction to the pleasure that my mouth
and tongue were giving his ass.

I had already determined that it was fairly evident that Darren was a
virgin, having never been fucked by another male. I was shocked, therefore,
when his anal opening relaxed enough for me to begin to slide my tongue
partway in and out of it. This caused more and louder moaning from Darren
as well as moaning from me as I not only tasted the inside of my brother's
body for the first time but Darren experienced the feeling of something
sliding in and out of his hole for the first time. And the more my tongue
dug into his opening, the looser and more open it became until I had almost
as much of my tongue inside him as I had tongue to give. I was well
prepared to spend much more time rimming Darren when what he suddenly
moaned and shocked me so profoundly that I instantly pulled my face from
his ass in disbelief!

"Oh, fuck, Bro! Please! Fuck me!"

I couldn't believe my ears! Surely he couldn't mean what he was saying!

"Darren, have you ever been fucked?" I asked quietly.

He looked back at me, over his shoulder.

"No. But I want you to. I really do!" he insisted.

"Bro, I would love to fuck you but...well...it can really hurt the first
time and you really ought to be prepared, kind of work up to it, if you
know what I mean." I said.

He moved so that he was up on his knees and then turned, sitting down on
the bed facing me.

"Don't you see, I've wanted you to fuck me ever since that night. That's
what freaked me out.  When you licked my ass, it made me want to feel your
cock in me. I didn't know how to deal with that then and I've wanted to
kick myself ever since for not having the guts to go through with it."  he
explained.

So at last I understood! Darren was not the first male to suddenly feel the
desire to be fucked after having been rimmed. Indeed, I had to admit that,
having eaten a lot of virgin Jarhead butt, it was how I usually got virgins
to want cock up their ass for the first time. I know that the first Marine
who ever fucked me got me in the mood exactly that way as well. However, I
already knew I wanted to be fucked, having learned the joy of several
fingers as well as other long, foreign, cylindrical objects up my ass while
I jacked off prior to ever having the 'real deal'.

Darren's ass had opened easily to my tongue but that didn't mean that he
was ready to be fucked.  I wanted this first time of ours together to be
something that would stay in our memory forever - but not because of the
pain of it.

"Okay, I'll make a deal with you. I'll start preparing you to take my cock
but if I think that it's not going to work tonight, you have to accept my
judgement and wait until I can help you better prepare." I said.

"Yeah. I can accept that." he said, grinning.

"Okay, then get back down the way you were." I said.

He happily moved around until he was once again face down on the bed with
his legs spread. I only hoped that he would still be happy when this was
over.

"You just lay there a minute. I've got to go get something." I said.

"Lube is in the top dresser drawer." he said.

"Oh! Okay."

I went to the drawer and found a bottle of liquid lube, guessing that
Darren must use it to jack off with. I got back on the bed between his legs
and again, buried my face in his butt. This time, I truly ate his butt with
a vengeance - wanting to get him as open and as wet as I could before I
started trying to stretch the opening any further. I knew that my cock was
not small. However, that was both an advantage and a disadvantage. You
would think that small cocks would be easier to take up your ass -
especially on a first fuck. However, the fact of the matter is that small
cocks tended not to open up the ass enough for the sphincter to completely
relax and the thicker the cock, the more it spreads the ass, the more
contact there is between the cock and the prostate - the reason that
getting fucked feels so good! I knew I had my work cut out for me getting
Darren ass open enough to take my cock but I also knew that there was a
very good chance that he would truly love and enjoy my cock once I did.

After eating him out for a long while, I finally started to introduce
fingers as well as my tongue.  First one and then two. Before introducing
two, however, I lubed his ass well and slowly slid my two, well lubricated
fingers into his hole. I had already explained to Darren how to take deep,
even breaths to help himself relax and how to push down on the muscles in
his butt to relax the sphincter. What I didn't tell him was what was likely
to happen when my two fingers gently brushed against his very swollen
prostate.

"FUCK! What the fuck was THAT!" he exclaimed.

"SHH! You're gonna wake Brian! If you can't keep quiet - bite on a pillow!"
I hissed at him, just the way he'd done that first night when he sucked my
cock.

He looked over his shoulder at me and then I saw the light dawn in his eyes
from the memory.

"Very funny, Bro. Now, what was that?!" he demanded.

"That, my beautiful big brother, was your prostate." I grinned at him.

"Nah! Couldn't be! The fuckin' doctor checks that thing every year and it
hurts like a bitch when he does! That felt so good I almost came!" he said.

"I can't help the fact that doctors are completely inept when it comes to
dealing with another guy's butt! That is your prostate. It's what makes
taking a guy's cock up your butt worth all the trouble. If the guy is good
enough, he can make you cum without touching yourself, just from rubbing
his cock against your prostate." I informed my big brother.

"Really? Fuck!" Darren said.

"Now lay back down and let me get back to this or have you given up on the
idea of getting fucked?" I asked.

He gave me a horny grin.

"Not after THAT, Bro! Now I want it more than ever!" he said, laying back
down and spreading his legs even wider.

I eventually had three of my fingers working easily in and out of Darren's
ass. I figured at that point, I'd gone as far as I could go with just my
fingers. It was time for him to try and take my cock.

"Okay." I said, pulling my fingers out of his butt. "I've done as much as I
can do. Now it's your turn."

He looked over his shoulder at me.

"My turn? What do you mean?" he asked quizzically.

"Get up and I'll explain." I said.

Darren got up and again knelt on the bed. I lay down on my back and began
lubing up my extremely hard cock. All this ass play had really gotten me in
the mood! I was almost to the point that I was going to fuck Darren whether
he wanted it or not!

"It is time, Bro, for you to, as so many people say, 'Go Fuck Yourself'!" I
grinned at him.

He looked at me funny, not exactly knowing whether I'd just insulted him or
not.

"What do you mean?" he asked, slowly.

"Just what I said. You're going to fuck yourself on my cock. It's the best
way to get fucked the first time. It allows you to let gravity work for you
and take my cock at your own pace." I said.

He still looked as if I was speaking in ancient Greek.

"Darren, you're going to squat over my cock and let it go up you. You'll
control how fast and how much. Just squat over my cock and it will all make
sense." I insisted.

Despite what I could see were doubts on his part, Darren did exactly as I
said. I reached under him and heavily re-lubed his butthole and then
centered my cockhead on it. Once my cock was in contact with his hole,
Darren quickly got the idea.

"Now take it slow, Bro! We're not in any rush. We've got all night if you
need it. Just remember to keep on breathing and push down on your ass
muscles." I said.

Darren smiled down at me and then I could see him, as well as feel him,
pushing down on the head of my cock with his ass. At first, there was some
small resistance from his sphincter but Darren quickly pushed down just a
little harder and the head of my cock popped into his ass. I felt his
asshole immediately lock around the head of my cock.

"STOP! Don't move!" I exclaimed, grabbing under his ass with my hands to
keep him for dropping down any further. "Just let yourself relax and get
used to it. Keep breathing, deep breaths - in and out."

I could see that Darren was in some pain but, as he continued to breathe, I
could feel his sphincter gradually relax its choke hold on my
cock. Finally, I felt Darren really open up. I looked up to see him smiling
again.

"Okay. Go slowly. Keep breathing. If you feel any pain, stop and let
yourself relax again." I said.

He smiled down at me in gratitude and slowly, very slowly, began to lower
himself again. When he'd gotten about half my cock in him, I felt him
tightening up again but he stopped on his own and breathed deeply for a few
moments and I could feel him open right back up again.

To my surprise, it wasn't too long before I felt the weight of his body on
my groin. My cock was completely buried in his ass. Darren looked down at
me with a grin like he'd just won a gold medal in the Olympics. I reached
out and put my hands on the top of his thighs, holding him down.

"Okay. Don't move. I want you to just rest there and let your ass get used
to my cock. I'll tell you when to move again." I said.

Throughout this, Darren was following my every direction to the letter. I
guess he realized that I knew what I was doing. If he only knew how many
young Jarhead butts I'd broken in over the last six years. I didn't set out
to be a 'butt-bandit', in fact, I much preferred getting fucked to fucking
but it seemed that there was some type of natural curiosity about this most
'feared' of all male/male sexual activity. Guys wanted to know what it was
like to get fucked. I think some of it came from the forbidden nature of
the act. While it was acceptable for a straight guy to get a blowjob from a
gay guy without being thought of as 'queer', getting fucked (along with
sucking cock) automatically made the guy 'queer' no matter how much pussy
he pounded. I think there was also the curiosity engendered by guys like me
who loved to be fucked. Other guys wanted to know what was up with this?
Why did guys like me go through all the 'pain' of getting fucked?  What the
fuck did we get out of it?

Finally, I could feel Darren's chute open up and I felt it was pretty safe
to have some movement - by me, not by him yet.

"Okay, I'm going to move my cock around in your ass to really loosen you
up. Don't you move.  Just let me." I said and Darren nodded in
understanding.

I began shifting my hips, stirring my cock around in his ass, getting to
all those places that hadn't been touched before - ever. As I did so, of
course, my cock rubbed against his swollen prostate.  This did several
things. First of all, I watched Darren's cock, which had gone somewhat
soft, harden once more to the point that it was standing up pointing at his
chest. Second of all, he groaned in extreme pleasure every time my cock
brushed up against that hard, little walnut shaped gland up inside him. He
didn't know it, but this was just a small taste of the pleasure that was to
come!

Once I felt I had him sufficiently open and relaxed, I looked up at him.

"Okay, I want you to slide up a few inches and then back down." I told him.

He did as I directed and I heard the deep, satisfied groan that accompanied
his downward slide back into my lap. We kept this up until more than half
my cock was leaving his ass and his downward travel on my pole was becoming
faster and harder. I grabbed his thighs once again and stopped his
movement. He opened his eyes that had been closed in ecstacy and looked
down at me like a kid who just had all his candy stolen!

"That's enough. Time to let me drive, now." I smiled up at him.

He grinned at this and stood up slowly, letting my cock pop out of his very
open butt. I looked up at him.

"Okay, how do you want it? On your back, on your stomach, doggie style?" I
grinned.

"Uhh...how about on my back?" he asked.

"Yeah, I knew you were going to say that." I laughed.

"How did you know?" he asked quizzically.

"Because every guy who I've ever fucked for the first time, wants it on his
back. He wants to see who's fucking his ass and taking his virginity." I
grinned.

"Well...yeah. But I want it because I want to look at you! I'm only giving
myself to you. I never thought of anybody else doing this to me. Ever!
You're the only one." he said.

I reached up, grabbed his hand and pulled him back down on the bed next to
me. I put my arms around him and kissed him gently.

"I know that. I know what this is all about. I know that this is the way
that you want to show me that you are completely and totally mine. I
understand that, and when you fuck me, I want to watch you as you make me
totally yours." I said, softly.

He smiled at this. I moved over him, lifting his legs over my shoulders and
put my cock at the entrance to his body once again. I pressed forward and
felt myself slide deep within him, no hesitation, no resistance. My cock
was soon buried all the way in his ass and I was ready - more than ready -
to fuck Darren and get him off like he'd never gotten off before in his
life. Because of the internal massage of the prostate by the cock (if done
right) the orgasm from being fucked is oftentimes far more intense than
orgasm any other way.

I began slowly stroking in and out of Darren's butt - long-dicking him. He
looked up in my eyes and I could see in his the wonder that he was
experiencing at the incredible feelings that were going through him. He was
just beginning to understand how wonderful it is to be fucked by another
male. It didn't take me long, however, to reach my normal 'ramming
speed'. I didn't know how long I could hold out from cumming given how
tight, wet and hot Darren's ass was.  Better still, I didn't know how long
Darren could hold off cumming seeing that it had been four years since he'd
had sex with anyone.

It seemed that our needs to get off were fairly evenly matched because I no
more reached the point where I knew I couldn't hold back any longer than
Darren started moaning out that he was there! I could see the shock in his
eyes at getting off without either of us touching his cock!

"Fuck! BRO! I'M GONNA CUM!!!" he screamed out, right before his cock began
painting his chest and abs with streaks of hot, white cum.

The clutching of his asshole around my cock threw me over the edge as well
and I grunted as I unloaded blast after blast of my own cum inside his hot
butt before finally collapsing on top of him, with my hard cock still
buried to the hilt in his ass.

Darren's arms came up around me as I lay there on top of him. We were
sweaty, cummy and very 'fragrant' once again. I, of course, loved the scent
of my brother, the scent of his cum and the scent of his ass that I had
fucked.

"Fuck! That was incredible! Why didn't anyone ever tell me how great it
was?!" Darren exclaimed.

I started laughing.

"Who the fuck was going to tell you, Bro? Did any of your jock buddies you
used to play with get fucked?" I asked.

"Well..no...not that I know of, anyway. Maybe some of them did, but I never
did it with them." he admitted. "I didn't really want to. I knew that the
only guy I wanted to fuck and get fucked by was you."

"And just exactly how were you going to do that? I was in the Marine Corps
and you were married?" I asked.

"Well...when I decided to decided to get a divorce from Christine, I was
going to track you down and beg you to come home." Darren admitted quietly.

"You were? What if I had said, 'No'?" I asked.

"I never thought that you would. Maybe I'm being egotistical, but I knew
you always loved me. I just needed to tell you that I loved you and I
figured that you'd come back to me. Was I wrong?"  he asked.

"No. You weren't wrong." I admitted.

With that, we kissed deeply. Then I pulled back and looked down at him.

"Okay, I'm about to do something that could completely gross you out. If it
does, just keep your mouth shut, I don't want to hear it!" I said.

"Okay. I promise. I won't say a word." Darren said, but I could see
curiosity written all over his face.

I moved back slowly, letting my still semi-hard cock slip from his
well-used butt. I then slid all the way down until I was laying between his
legs which I had hold of, holding them up and back. I then buried my face
in his just fucked ass and began licking and sucking at his well-used hole,
sucking as much of my load of cum from his ass as his ass would give
up. Above me, I could hear Darren babbling in pleasure.

"Oh, fuck! Bro! That's incredible! Yeah! Eat my ass! Fuck, yeah! Eat it
out!" he babbled as I continued to do exactly that.

I figured that I might as well go all the way. I saved a mouthful of my cum
from his ass and then moved up the bed, pulling him into my arms and
planting my lips on his. When he opened his mouth, I let the glob of cum
slide from my mouth to his. I think he was shocked at first but he quickly
began moaning and swapping the cum back and forth with me until we'd
swallowed all of it.

"Well, did you freak?" I asked, pulling my mouth from his.

"Bro, nothing you do could freak me out anymore. I love you to much to let
it." he grinned.  MARINE RETURN Part 5 by RimPig 2006

Darren and I lay there on his bed, just holding each other and talking
quietly. Our bodies had reconnected as lovers, now we were reconnecting as
brothers and friends. This time with nothing held back, nothing covered up
and nothing unspoken between us. It was amazing, this sense of belonging
that I felt. I knew that Darren was mine and I was his. That I, again, was
not alone - just as I had never been when we were kids. Darren had always
been there for me then. Now, I was there for him.

"So tell me, what's it like being a Marine? Do you have any time to
yourself?" Darren asked.

"Lots of it. I have the guys that I'm training but beyond that, it's really
just like any other job." I said.

"Do you plan on staying in the Corps? Make a career of it?"

"To tell you the truth, I've never really thought about it. I'm supposed to
re-up in a couple of weeks but I haven't really thought about doing
anything else." I admitted. "Up until now, I didn't really think I had much
choice. After all, I didn't think there was anything beyond the Corps for
me."

"But now there is." Darren said.

"Yes, now there is." I smiled. "But still...I have to admit, I like being
in the Corps. I like the work I do and I like the feeling that I'm helping
to defend our country. Not a lot of jobs you can say that about."

"No, you're right. I can see that. I can understand that being in the Corps
must have it's rewards.  I mean besides all those hunky young recruits." he
grinned.

"The hunky young recruits, as you put it, were only a substitute for what I
really wanted and thought I couldn't have." I said, quietly.

"So now that you know you can, you don't need them anymore, right?" he
asked and I could see that he was being very serious.

"No. I don't need them anymore. All I need is you. You are all I ever
needed. But can you say the same? I mean, what if you decide you want
another kid? Are you going to end up bedding women again?" I asked.

"Oh, no! Those days are long over! I have Brian, that's enough. And if it
isn't, well, there's always adoption. I'm not the least bit interested in
ever getting involved with another woman. I promise you that." Darren said.

And in my whole life, Darren had never promised me anything that he didn't
deliver.

"Speaking of promises...weren't you going to fuck me?" I grinned.

"You really want me to?" he asked.

"Yes! I really want you to! I told you I love being fucked and I've always
wanted to be fucked by you." I said.

"Uhh...I've never done this before, Bro. I don't really know how." he said.

"What the fuck are you talking about?" I looked at him askance. "Was Brian
conceived by 'immaculate conception'?"

"I've fucked women, Bro! Not guys. I told you that. I've never fucked a guy
and I've never fucked anyone in the ass. Ever." he insisted.

"Darren, other than it being tighter and hotter than a woman's pussy, the
idea is the same." I said.

"Wait a minute! How do you know that? You told me you've never fucked a
woman." he demanded.

"Because the Jarheads who've fucked me, especially the ones who've never
fucked a guy before, have all told me the same thing. Ass is tighter and
hotter up inside." I told him.

"Ohh. Okay. But it's gotta be different somehow? I mean, you can't just
fuck a guy in the ass like you do pussy." he said.

"Darren, what's this all about? Are you afraid to fuck me?" I asked.

He looked at me in embarrassment and then looked away.

"You are, aren't you? Why?" I asked, reaching over and gently stroking his
cheek.

"Look, I know this is gonna sound stupid but...all my life, everything I
ever tried to do physically, I was good at. It came easy to me." he said.

"Of course I remember that. You set more records in high school than any
athlete in the history of the school. So what?" I asked.

"Don't you see, fuckin' girls came just as easy. It wasn't as exciting or
as good as what I was doin' with guys but the very first girl I fucked had
about six orgasms before I ever came and told me how great I was at
fucking. I didn't believe her at first, but she started telling all her
girlfriends how good I was as well. All of a sudden, I had girls beggin' me
to fuck 'em! All the guys I knew were havin' to really work at gettin' laid
and I was havin' girls callin' me up and beggin' me to come fuck them! It
was a real ego boost, lemme tell ya. I don't think I would have kept
fuckin' girls except for that. That's what I really got out of it. Them
tellin' me how good a fuck I was.  Guys never tell you that." Darren said.

"Guys in high school don't tell you that, you mean. I've had plenty of guys
go fuckin' nuts over how I fuck them or suck their cocks or eat their
asses. I happen to have quite a reputation myself where sex is concerned."
I said. "Come to think of it - you had quite a bit to say about how much
you liked me fucking you and eating your butt!"

"Yeah. I guess I did at that." he grinned ruefully. "But don't you see,
Bro? Here I'm askin' you to give up all those other Marines and only have
sex with me. You told me how much you love gettin' fucked. What if I'm no
fuckin' good at it with a guy?"

I could hear the abject misery in his voice. I couldn't believe it! Here
was my athletic brother, a male who's physical abilities were off the
chart, scared of fucking me!

"Darren, if you were really that good with girls, I promise you, you'll be
wonderful with me. Let me explain something. The best fuckers I've ever had
have always been guys who've mostly fucked women before." I assured him.

"You're kidding?!" he exclaimed.

"No, I'm not. Look, I do love being fucked. In fact, I love being fucked
really hard! Harder than most women could ever stand. But I can't take it
that way at the start. Remember how gentle I was with you? How we took it
slow and easy until you were open and used to being fucked?
Well...experienced as I am, I need it almost as gently at the beginning. I
just get used to it quicker than you can right now. Guy's who fuck women
are used to starting out gently. Simple as that." I explained.

"Well, yeah. I can see that. I mean, as gentle as you were, I'm still a
little sore from it." he said.

"Exactly. All you have to learn is about my 'G-Spot'." I grinned.

"G-Spot? Guy's have a G-Spot?!"

"Yeah. We do. But it's not like a woman's. It's a whole lot easier to
find. It's the prostate. I'm going to teach you how to find it with your
cock. That's how I got you off without you touching yourself. You're going
to be able to do the same thing for me." I said.

"Bro, I swear to you, if you'll help me, I'll be the best fucker you've
ever had!" Darren swore.

"Darren, that won't be hard. You're the only guy who's ever fucked me who
I've been in love with."

With that, Darren grabbed me and kissed me passionately. I melted in his
arms as he began licking down my neck to my chest. I almost lost it
entirely when his mouth began sucking on my nips. I loved that!

"Oh, fuck! Darren! Yeah! Suck 'em hard!" I moaned.

Darren followed my directions and did. I groaned out my appreciation. Soon,
however, Darren left my chest and headed further down my body. He traced a
pattern of spit on my abs and moved down to my already very hard cock. He
slid his mouth down it, taking it deeply into his throat. I moaned at the
tightness that my cock encountered there. I was afraid, however, that if he
kept this up I would end up cumming in his throat and that would end the
opportunity for him to fuck me.  Darren, however, was more savvy than that
and immediately pulled completely off my cock and slid down to where he was
between my legs and was licking my balls, instead.

"Oh, Fuck!" I groaned.

I loved having my balls licked. In fact, that's exactly why I removed the
hair from them on a regular basis so that nothing interfered with the
feeling of a young Jarhead's eager tongue on my nutsack. Darren looked up
at me and grinned in answer to my exclamation and then went back to licking
all over my sack once more. I figured he would stop there and I would give
him instruction in how to find my prostate by first showing him how to find
it with his finger. Instead, he kept licking further and further down until
he had my legs pushed wide apart and was licking right at the start of my
ass-crack. I couldn't believe it! For someone who at one time was
completely freaked out by ass-eating, I couldn't imagine Darren actually
doing it himself but he made it quite clear that was exactly what he was
after for he hooked his hands under my knees and began trying to push my
legs up.

Not that he wasn't strong enough to do it but it was an awkward position
from which to try so I helped him by pulling them back myself and holding
them, with my knees close to my chest. This opened me up completely to
him. He had, right at face level, my balls and my completely open
ass-crack. This was obviously just what he wanted because he wasted no time
in pressing his face into my cleft. Expecting to feel his tongue, I was
totally shocked to feel, instead, air brushing my hole as Darren took loud,
deep breaths of the scent of my ass.

I had always been open with Darren about my love of the raunchy scents of
the male body - especially his male body. His pits, his groin but, most
especially, his ass. I loved the smell of Darren's butt. I could, if he had
ever given me the chance, spent hours with my nose buried in it.  As it
was, after the fiasco with my rimming him for the first time, the only
chance I ever got to smell his butt was when I was licking his balls or,
more often, when I stole his jock or his dirty underwear out of his gym bag
or our laundry hamper and used them to jack off with when he wasn't around.

But never had I had any inkling that Darren might be into man-scents
himself. Certainly, he never talked about it, never admitted to it. And if
he was getting off on my scent when we had sex as teens, he certainly was
never obvious about it. That's why having him sniffing my butt was such a
shock to me! Not that I didn't love it but I was just so completely blown
away by it that I literally lost my hardon!

"Darren...Bro...whaa...what are you doing?" I asked hesitantly.

He pulled his face out of my butt and looked up at me.

"I'm sniffing the scent of your butt." he said and then gave me this
'shit-eating' grin. "I figured that there must be something to it since
you've always seemed to love smelling my scents so much."

Well, that answered that question. This was evidently the first time Darren
had ever done this.

"So...ahh...what do you think?" I asked quietly.

"I think I've missed out on a lot of fun not doing this before! You were
right...it's really a turn on! It's making me incredibly horny to shove my
cock in your ass. But there's something I want to shove up there first!" he
said and, almost instantly put his face back down in my ass.

It was then that I felt it - Darren's tongue laving up and down my
ass-crack. I could hear it was well as he moaned at what he was tasting
there in obvious delight. Soon he was sucking on my opening and shoving his
tongue deep up inside me. Over the years, having dealt with a lot of young,
overeager Jarheads, I had learned how to relax and open my hole easily. So
Darren had no trouble getting his tongue worked up my ass. I could tell,
with all his moaning and the rapid licking in and out of my hole by his
tongue, that evidently there were going to be two ass-eaters in the family
from now on!

"Oh, fuck, Bro! I fuckin' love eatin' your hole! Way better than pussy!" he
exclaimed, pulling his face out of my butt for a moment before going back
to it again.

I let him eat me for a few more minutes but when I saw his butt moving up
on down on the bed, humping his cock into the mattress, I pulled away,
sitting up for a moment. He looked up at me like I'd just told him that he
could never have sex again in his life!

"I don't want you going off before you get your cock in me." I explained
gently.

"Ohh..." he said, sheepishly, confirming what I had suspected. In his
eagerness for the new experience, Darren was close to coming all over the
sheets rather than unloading his hot, brother- cum up my ass where I
finally wanted it.

I reached over and grabbed the lube and handed it to him before laying back
down.

"Now...lube up my hole and shove one of your fingers inside me." I said and
he followed my instructions. "Press around in there. Feel anything?"

"Yeah!" he said, pressing on my prostate, making me let out a small groan
and pre-cum to belch out of my cock. "That! It's like a hard little nut up
there!"

"That's it. That's the prostate, also known as a guy's 'joy button' or his
'G-spot'. You rub your cock across this or, better yet, slam your cock into
it and it will make me cum. You'll get me off just fucking me without me
having to do anything." I told him.

"Yeah, well...I don't see how I could miss that! God knows it's big enough
and hard enough." he said.

"Exactly! Fucking a guy and giving him pleasure, especially with a cock as
long and thick as yours is, is not difficult at all." I smiled. "Add more
lube and use two fingers now. Once you have them working in and out easily,
just lube up your cock and fuck me."

Darren quickly followed my instructions and, before I knew it, his lubed
cock was eagerly pressed against my hole, practically demanding entrance. I
wanted him, wanted him more than I had ever wanted a guy to fuck me in my
life. I grabbed hold of his hips with my hands and pulled him forward,
driving his cock through my sphincter and into the heat of my guts. I could
hear the groan escape Darren and see the surprise on his face at how deeply
his cock was buried in me in just one thrust. With just one more, he was
buried to the hilt inside of me. It was then he looked down at me in
wonder.

"Fuck! You are so hot and tight and wet inside! You were right!" he
exclaimed.

I smiled a knowing smile. Darren had discovered the joy of ass
fucking. With any luck, and from the look of ecstasy on his face, luck was
with me, he would become a very dedicated ass-fucker!

"Now pull back slowly...there! Feel that?" I groaned as his cock rubbed
against my prostate.

"Oh, fuck, yeah!" he said, and proceeded to rub his cock harder and harder
against it as he thrust over and over again into my eager and horny butt.

Just as with every other physical thing, fucking ass came very easily to
Darren, just as I told him it would. Perhaps too easily for, before I knew
it, before I was even ready, I felt myself starting to go over the
precipice of orgasm. I tried to fight it but, if you've ever tried not to
cum while someone was fucking you and ramming his hard cock against your
prostate, you know what an impossibility that is! I quickly just gave up
and went with the feelings.

"Fuck! Yeah! Fuck my ass! I'm CUMMING!!!" I exclaimed as my cock began to
shoot ropes of hot, white cum all over my chest and abs.

I think Darren was shocked at the fact that he had so quickly brought me to
orgasm that he stopped fucking me and just held himself inside me, watching
me in the throws of my climax. He started to pull out and I grabbed his
hips and pulled him back inside of me.

"Where the fuck are you going? You haven't cum yet." I said.

"But, Bro. You got off!" he said, as if this was somehow unknown to me.

"So? I can do that more than once." I grinned up at him.

"Okay!" he exclaimed, delight written all over his face.

He started fucking me again, finally beginning to really slam his cock in
and out of my ass. I had told Darren that I loved to be fucked hard and he
was evidently taking me at my word. Luckily, I had told him the truth and
Darren was fucking me as hard or harder than I'd ever been fucked in my
life! I hadn't had a Jarhead that could hold a candle to my Big Bro when it
came to really pounding Jarhead ass!

However, even Darren couldn't keep up this type of monumental performance
forever. I soon began to see the evidence of his own orgasm approaching -
his groans and the ragged rhythm with which his hips were slapping the
cheeks of my butt. The good thing about this was, I was quickly approaching
another orgasm myself. In fact, I think we climaxed together because at the
last minute, Darren leaned over and his mouth attached itself to mine in a
passionate kiss as we screamed our climaxes into each other's
mouths. Again, my cum painted my abs but Darren's as well so that when he
collapsed on top of me, we were glued together by the cum from both of my
orgasms.

We lay there, just holding each other, the smell of our sweat, my cum and
the scent of man-sex surrounding us in his bed. I was lost in a world of
heavenly scents and wonderful feelings, praying that I never moved again! I
wanted to just lay there forever with Darren's body on mine and his cock
buried in my ass.

All good things must come to an end, however, at least for a
while. Darren's cock finally softened and popped from my ass. He groaned
and rolled off me, pulling me with him so that we were laying side by side,
facing each other. He smiled at me and then gently kissed me.

"That was the most incredible fuck I've ever had in my whole life." Darren
murmured, gently stroking his hand down my back and across the cheeks of my
butt.

"It was very special for me, too. I don't ever remember a guy getting me
off twice in that short a time." I told him.

He grinned at me in pride. All of his fears about fucking me, about being
good enough, flew out the window with that grin. Just as I knew they would.

"I wish we could do it again, but I'm exhausted." he admitted.

"There's always tomorrow morning." I smiled, resting my head on his arm.

"Uhh...no there isn't. Sometime after dawn, and probably a lot sooner than
we could possibly want, we will find that our bed has been invaded by a
very small bundle of energy." Darren said.

"Oh! Brian!" I smiled. "Will this bother him, do you think? Me sleeping
here with you?"

"It had better not because he's going to have to get used to it. I'm not
sleeping without you ever again if I can help it!" Darren proclaimed.

"What about the fact that we're naked? Should we put on something?" I
asked.

"Fuck, no! I always sleep naked, you know that. Brian does, too. Trust me,
he won't be bothered by that." he said. "But we better get some sleep
because, trust me, once he's up it's impossible to get anymore sleep."

"Okay. No problem. Believe me, I'm not going to have any trouble sleeping."
I said.

Darren rolled over onto his back and I lay my head on his chest as he put
his arm around me, just the way we had slept together as boys. I was
quickly asleep.

Darren's prediction was not exactly accurate, however. The next morning, I
awoke with the feeling that someone was 'looking' at me. I opened my eyes
and stared into two huge blue ones.  Brian was standing pressed up against
the side of the bed, staring at me. I didn't have to wonder where his
'Daddy' was. I could feel Darren spooned up against me with his arm thrown
possessively over me as if he was holding onto what belonged to him. I
could feel the soft warmth of Darren's breath as it caressed the back of my
neck where his face was evidently pressed.

"Hey, Brian. How are you buddy?" I asked.

"Can I get in bed with you and Daddy?" he asked.

"Sure, buddy! Crawl on in!" I murmured.

Crawling onto the bed, Brian could see his Daddy curled up to me. At first
this disconcerted him.  I figured that he was used to cuddling up to
Darren. However, he seemed to adjust instantly and lay down, his back to
me, so that I was spooned around him just like Darren was spooned to me. I
put my arm around him, pulling him closer to my body and, in that way,
Brian and I went back to sleep.

I don't know how much more sleep I got but the next thing I knew, the
daylight was full and I could feel Darren's huge erection poking me in the
butt as his tongue began tracing patterns on the back of my neck. All
movement on his part ceased, however, when he reached down to evidently
grab hold of my cock and, instead, encountered the sleeping body of his
son. He rose up and looked over my shoulder at his son, asleep, spooned to
my body and my arm around him, his little head resting on the bicep of my
other arm.

"When did he arrive?" Darren murmured softly.

"Sometime around dawn, just like you said. All he asked for was to get in
bed with us. He's the one who decided to lay like this." I said.

"That's how he always lays against me when we take a nap together. I wonder
why he didn't try to wake me up?" Darren asked.

"I don't know. Maybe it was because I was here. He seemed to be perfectly
content to lay here and go right back to sleep." I said.

"Well, I guess we'd better wake him up." Darren said, looking at the
clock. "I've got to get him ready for day-care."

"Is that really necessary with us both here?" I asked.

"Really, it is. With his mother gone, I'm trying to keep things as normal
as possible. Day-care isn't just because I need someplace for him while I
go to work, it's also so that he has other kids to play with during the
day. There aren't any kids anywhere near his age in this neighborhood
anymore." Darren explained.

"Okay, you get him up and ready and I'll go make coffee. You want some
breakfast?" I asked.

"What I want is more of your ass! But we'll have to wait until I get him to
the bus." Darren laughed.

He reached over me and ruffled the blond hair on Brian's head. Brian turned
over, yawning and rubbing his eyes and then looked up at his Daddy and me.

"Hey, there, buddy! Time to get up!" Darren smiled down at his son.

Brian stood up, showing that he was all boy! I didn't know kids his age got
morning wood but evidently they did because Brian's little boy-cock was
standing up straight - all two inches of it.  Brian leaned over me and
kissed his Daddy and then leaned down and kissed me. I hugged him and then
Darren grabbed him and put him over his shoulder, heading off to the
bathroom with him. Brian was laughing and screaming at what was evidently
part of their morning ritual.

I slipped on my briefs and went out to the kitchen. It took me a few
minutes to find everything but I soon had a pot of coffee brewing. By the
time Darren and Brian arrived in the kitchen, it was ready and I was
sitting at the kitchen table drinking a mug. Darren who was still naked had
little Brian dressed in shorts, a t-shirt and flip-flops. Just then, a loud
honking came from outside.

"That's your bus, Brian." Darren said, leaning down and giving his son a
kiss. Brian shocked me by coming over to the table to get one from me as
well.

Brian, then, went flying out the front door as Darren sat down at the table
with me.

"He's an incredible little boy." I said, smiling at my brother.

"He is, isn't he?" Darren smiled back. "I'm so glad you see that, Bro. I
was so afraid you were going to not want anything to do with kids."

"I think that's a myth that straight guys have about gay guys - that we
don't want or like kids.  Bunch of shit! We just know how fucking hard it's
going to be to have them, especially if we don't want to get married. A lot
of gay guys settle for dogs because they're easier to adopt. It's not what
they want but it's all that they can have." I said.

"Maybe you're right. I'm just glad because I can see already that Brian
really loves you. Almost as much as I do." Darren said, getting up to get
himself another cup of coffee.

"God! I hope so! It's bad enough having your brother as a lover, I'd really
be a pervert if it was my nephew, too!" I laughed and Darren laughed with
me. Then he got a very serious look on his face.

"There are some things we need to talk about, Bro." he said.

"Like what?" I asked.

"Well, like what happens now." he said.

"Well...since you brought this up, I take it you have some ideas?" I asked.

"Yeah. I do. I got a phone call yesterday from my insurance agent. Despite
the fact that Christine was drunk when she hit that tree, it was still
considered an accidental death. We had matching insurance policies so that
we could take care of Brian in case something happened to either one of
us. The policies had double indemnity clauses in case of accidental
death. The insurance company is sending me a check for half a million
dollars. Not only that but there were also life insurance policies to cover
the mortgage on the house. I now own it free and clear. On top of it all,
the car insurance is paying off on Christine's car which I bought new for
her just a few months ago. All told, I've got somewhere around three
quarters of a million dollars." Darren said.

"Holy shit!" was all I could say.

"Yeah. Exactly. Holy shit!" Darren repeated. "What this means is that I
don't have to stay here anymore. I want us to be together, Derrick. I want
us to live together and raise Brian together but I want to sell the house,
get rid of all the bad memories. I don't want to live here, in this town,
anymore. If I stay here, I'm just going to have to go through crap with Mom
and Dad about finding another wife and all that. What I want to know is,
can we move back to California. If you want to stay in the Corps, I'm fine
with that. But I'm just wondering if they won't say something about us
living together."

I laughed.

"Are you kidding?! You and I have the perfect 'cover'! You're my older
brother who lost his wife and is raising his son alone. Of course no one is
going to think anything of us living together!  Certainly they would never
think of us as lovers. However, I want you to think about something.  What
about Brian?" I asked.

"What about him?" Darren looked at me quizzically.

"He's only four now. He won't think anything seeing his Daddy and his Uncle
sleeping naked together but he's not going to be four forever. Eventually
he's going to figure out that we're lovers. How are you going to deal with
that?" I asked.

"A lot better than having to explain to him that his mother was a drunken
slut who only got pregnant with him so that his Daddy would be forced to
marry her and she wouldn't have to live with her own drunken slut of a
mother who used to beat her." Darren said, and I could hear the anger that
was still inside of him. "He's going to be deeply loved, by both of us. I
don't think it's going to bother him one bit that his two 'Daddies' fuck
the shit out of each other. Kids don't care about that stuff. All they care
about is if you love them and protect them. And what better protection is
there than a fucking Marine?"

At this, Darren grinned at me and reached over and ruffled my hair, or what
little there was, just like when we were kids. I grinned back.

"Besides, Bro, what makes you so sure that Brian is going to grow up to be
straight?" he asked.  "He comes from the same 'genes' that we have. Who
knows?"

"Well, we've got a while before we have to worry about that. At least ten
years." I said.

"Don't bet on that! I knew when I was only about ten. I just kept telling
myself I would change. I guess I was wrong. I really knew I was wrong when
I fell in love with you." he said.

"When was that?" I asked.

"When I was 13. About the time I started jacking off."

"So why did you try to hide that from me?" I asked, finally - something I
had always wondered.

"I thought you were too young to understand. That is until the morning when
you stood there in the bathroom with that hardon. If figured if you were
gettin' hard, you were old enough to understand, at least about jacking
off. I couldn't explain to you about falling in love with you. I couldn't
understand or deal with that myself." he said.

"That's okay. I eventually figured that out on my own." I smiled.

"I'm really sorry, Bro. I must have made your life really miserable at
times, being in love with somebody as fucked up in the head as I was."
Darren said, hanging his head.

"Darren, if there is one thing I've learned in life is that there is always
misery. The only cure for it is love. You've given me that - and more!
After all, not only do I have you, now but a part of you to raise as
well. I'd say I got the better end of the deal. My misery was a lot less
than yours."

"Let's forget about misery. Let's go back to bed and fuck." Darren said,
smiling shyly at me.

"That's the best idea I've heard yet!" I laughed as we traipsed on back to
the bedroom where we spent most of the rest of the day.

We did move to California and I did stay in the Corps, finally retiring as
a Master Gunnery Sergeant. Darren set up his own business and we bought a
house in San Diego. We raised Brian together who turned into quite the
athlete, just like his father.

And was he straight? Well...that's another story...

THE END OF MARINE RETURN

If you liked the story, please write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com

I have over 70 stories on the Nifty website. If you'd like a complete
listing of them, write me and I'll be glad to send it to you.

I NO LONGER HAVE A NOTIFY LIST!!!

Instead, there is now a Yahoo Group that you can join where you will find
links to all of my stories and the illustrations to BUDDY SYSTEM and to
DANGEROUS MARINE. I will ONLY Notify people who are members of the group
about my new stories.

To join the group, go to:

http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Rim_Pigs_Stories/

I also have a "blog" called THE PIG TROUGH where I do more serious writing
about life and everything in it. You can reach it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

As always, I ask if you liked the story to make a contribution to Nifty to
keep the site running and free!

Thank you.

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Wed, 26 Jul 2006 14:43:49 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE RETURN 02

DEDICATION: To all members of the United State Marine Corps - especially
those serving in foreign posts.

Copyright 2006 by RimPig. All rights reserved. Permission is granted to
Nifty Archives, to archive and display this work. All other uses are
expressly forbidden unless explicit arrangement has been made with the
author. This copyright applies to all chapters and pages of this work. It
may not be reproduced, posted, stored electronically, or archived, except
for personal, non-public use, without the express written permission of the
author.

MARINE RETURN
Part 2
by RimPig   2006

The next morning was the first of many, many mornings that I woke up in my
brother's bed and in my brother's arms. For the next several years, we
continued to have sex, sucking each other off, pretty much nightly and
often in the morning as well. I became quite expert at getting my brother
off and even learned, finally, how to take his cock completely down my
throat. We became intimately familiar with each other's bodies and the
changes that happened over that time. When I turned 13, I began to sprout
pubic hair just like my brother had. Because mine was dark, however, it was
much more noticeable and became thicker more quickly than his had. It was,
of course, Darren who first noticed my sprouting hair because he was more
closely intimate with my crotch, by that point, than I was. Just as I was
far more intimately knowledgeable of his.

Of course, our cocks grew along with us. By the time Darren was 15, his was
a respectable seven and a half inches and quite thick. Mine was just and
inch shorter at 13 but Darren reminded me that his had been that size at
that age so, even though I secretly wished that I could out-do my brother
in this one area, it looked as if this was not to be.

What also changed were our bodies. Darren grew more muscular and more
studly almost with each passing day! Of course, what accounted for this was
his almost constant involvement in sports. I was still skinny, however, but
Darren didn't seem to mind. I just got taller. Again, I never equaled
Darren however.

There was a couple of other things that were growing in me as well. First
of all, I was growing in awareness that I was not ever going to be
interested in girls. I was gay and that was that. Of course, I didn't talk
to Darren about this nor did he ever bring it up. Along this same line, I
was becoming more and more aware of those feelings deep inside me and
coming to the realization of what they meant. What they meant was that I
was totally, completely, head-over-heels in love with my own brother! This
was not exactly a wonderful piece of information. In fact, I did everything
I knew how to bury it as far down inside me as I could so that nobody -
especially not Darren - ever knew.

There was one other thing that was growing in me - a love of scents. It
actually wasn't hard to convince Darren to not shower after practice for
whatever sport he was working on so that I could bliss out on the
incredible smells of his body. The night of my thirteenth birthday,
however, saw a real expansion of that love of scents.

Because it was a weeknight and a school night, Darren and I had gone to bed
at the regular time.  I'd already gotten my presents from Mom and Dad at
dinner along with a birthday cake. Darren hadn't given me a present but,
then again, I didn't expect one from him. We didn't buy each other presents
except at Christmas. However, when we got to our room, Darren informed me
that he had two presents for me. I was intrigued by this.

"First, there's this." he said, handing me a brown paper bag.

I felt it and it felt soft. I opened it and inside was a large zip-lock
bag. Inside, sealed in the bag so that the scents couldn't escape was a
very well-worn and very well-used jockstrap!

"I wore it all football season and never washed it." Darren said, grinning
at me.

I opened the zip-lock bag and was almost knocked out by the pungent odor!

"Fuck!" was all I could say at that point.

"Well, I just figured you could use it when I'm not around." Darren grinned
at me.

"Yep! You've got that!" I said.

I wondered if he knew that on the nights that he spent sleeping over at his
friends houses that I snuck into his gym bag and swiped his jocks to sniff
while I jacked off?

"The other present is me." he said.

"You? What are you talking about?" I asked.

"Tonight, I'll do anything you want. It's all about gettin' you off, bro!"
he grinned.

Oh, my God! This boy didn't know what he was in for!

"Anything?" I asked.

"Well...with one exception." Darren said, looking embarrassed.

"I don't want to fuck you." I said, knowing exactly where the limits were.

"Okay. Then anything else you want, I'll do." he said.

What Darren didn't know was that there was something that I wanted to do
more than anything but had never had the guts to ask him for it. I had
explored almost all of Darren's body over the last two years that we'd been
having sex but there was one part that was 'off limits' - that was his
ass. But I had been close to it, especially when licking his very sweaty
and musky balls. There was the scent that was 'dark' and really turned me
on when I did. I thought, at first that it was Darren's nuts. But over
time, I figured out that it was his butt. I knew I wanted his butt, but I
wasn't quite sure what it was I wanted to do with it. Then, one day, I was
searching around on some gay sites on the Internet when I saw this picture
of a guy licking another guy's butt and I almost came in my pants just
looking at it! I knew then that was what I wanted to do to Darren, I just
hadn't figured out a way to introduce him to it. Now, I had the chance!

"What I want," I said, "Is complete access to your body for the night. I
want to be able to smell and lick you anywhere I want."

He grinned at me.

"Well, I haven't showered since yesterday because I kind of figured that's
what you might want, so I'm ready for you." he laughed.

"Okay, then lay down on the bed on your back with your hands behind your
head." I smiled at him.

He did this and I looked down at him. He just about took my breath away! He
was so incredibly beautiful laying there. I just stood and stared. My gut
ached, not just from his beauty but from how much I loved him. It was so
hard, loving him as much as I did and not being able to ever tell him. But
what did somebody who had just entered his teen years know about love?
Maybe it would all blow over and I'd find someone else to love. Yeah, and
maybe I'd be elected President!

Darren looked up at me smiling but with questions in his eyes. I'm sure he
wondered what the fuck I was waiting for. I quickly got on the bed and
buried my nose in his very fragrant armpit.  The scent of him began to fill
me with an overwhelming desire for him. I think I would have devoured him
if I could! But licking and nibbling everywhere was going to have to
suffice.

I moved down his body, passing his groin and licking down his leg to his
feet. I knew he had no idea what I was up to until I began sucking and
licking on his toes. At first, he jerked his foot away from me but I
grabbed it and pulled it back. He slowly relaxed and let me suck on his
toes.  It took a few minutes, but soon he was groaning.

"Fuck! That feels good!" he murmured.

I looked at him and grinned.

"This ain't nothin'! Just wait and see what I've got in store for you!" I
said and went back to licking his toes.

I did his other foot, making him groan more and then headed up his legs,
licking his shins and thighs before reaching his balls. I groaned at the
strong musky, sweaty scent of them. I lay down between his legs and pressed
my nose into his sweaty nut-sack, almost hyperventilating on smell of
it. Of course, smelling wasn't enough for me. I was on a mission to taste
every part of Darren's body that I could.

Darren started groaning as my tongue began licking his balls. The sweaty,
salty taste of them, a combination of sweat and probably dried piss and
pre-cum, was driving me crazy. I was licking and sucking at his sack and
even sucking his balls into my mouth. I wanted to, but there was no way I
could get both of them into my mouth at once, they were too big. Just one
filled my mouth and, as I sucked on each one, I could hear Darren above me
and knew I was driving him crazy as he moaned and groaned at the feelings I
was causing in him.

I moved down his sack, licking the back of it and also licking that tiny,
sensitive patch of skin between his balls and his ass-crack. I was almost
to my goal, but with Darren's legs still laying on the bed, I couldn't get
to where I wanted to go. Then I got a brilliant idea!

"Darren, roll over. I want to do your back now." I said, rising up and
pulling my face out of his crotch.

I got off the bed to give him room to maneuver and he looked at me a little
funny but then complied. I got back on the bed, but this time, I knelt over
his back, my legs spread across him, my knees on each side of his waist. I
leaned down and began running my tongue across his broad, muscular back. In
all the time that I had been having sex with Darren, I'd never gotten to
really look at his muscular back, up-close and 'personal' like this. After
all, we mostly gave each other blowjobs. But now, I had the broad expanse
of his back below me and my tongue was moving all over it. I had some idea,
having seen him naked in our room frequently, how muscular his back was but
never would I have guessed at how soft and smooth the skin of his back was
until I actually began running my tongue across it.

The taste of his skin was salty from his sweat with that special, subtle
taste and smell that said 'Darren'. I moved slowly down his body, covering
every inch of his back with my eager tongue. I wasn't about to miss
anything because, God only knew when I'd get a chance like this again! I
don't think he had any idea what I had in mind until I finally reached my
destination - the beautiful mounds of his jock butt.

As I began to lick and gently suck at the skin of his butt, he began to
moan and shift his hips around. It seems that, unbeknownst to me, Darren
had very sensitive skin on his butt and my tongue was driving him crazy. I
alternately worked both cheeks of his butt, moving closer and closer to his
ass-crack all the time. Finally, I was liking at the very edge of his
trench and could smell the scent of his butt. It drew me like a moth to a
flame! Dark, rich, and entirely masculine in a way that no other part of
his body drew me.

Taking the final plunge, I reached up with my hands and, placing them on
his ass-cheeks, pulled them apart until his ass-trench opened to me. The
blast of warmth and scent that hit my nose at that point had me moaning as
well. I quickly buried my face in his trench and allowed my tongue to lick
as deeply and as far along the trench as I could reach with it.

This caused and instant reaction. Darren rose up, turning around and
looking at me.

"Bro! What the fuck are you doing?!" he hissed at me.

"I'm licking your butt!" I hissed back, with a tone that told him I thought
this probably rated with the top three most stupid questions ever asked in
history.

"Bro! Are you sure you want to do that?!" he hissed back, asking me
probably the second dumbest question ever asked in history.

"Yes! Of course I do! You said I could smell and lick you anywhere I
wanted! Why? Doesn't it feel good?" I asked, naively. After all, I'd never
had this done so I had no idea what it felt like.

"No, actually it feels great! But...well...I never expected you to do
THAT!" he rasped out, trying to keep his voice down.

"But it's what I wanted to do! And you said I could! You said I could do
anything but fuck you!"  I insisted, whining a bit. After all, I was the
younger brother. Whining was a prerogative of younger brothers.

"Okay. Yeah. I did. Okay, if that's what you want!" Darren said in
resignation.

He lay back down and I once again buried my face in his butt. It took a few
minutes of me licking up and down his butt-crack and then finally focusing
my tongue on his hole but eventually Darren forgot all about his
squeamishness and began moaning and pushing his butt back at my face,
trying to get more and more of my tongue in contact with his ass. He even
reached back and pulled his ass cheeks apart for me so that I could get
better access. It was when he did this, that I began really sucking and
pushing at his hole with my tongue until I finally had part of it worked
right up into his asshole. I had my tongue up my brother's ass!

I was in heaven! I lay there, face down in my brother's butt, licking and
sucking at his hole and driving more and more of my tongue inside. Of
course, I didn't have any idea how intense this was for my brother until I
heard him pleading with me.

"Bro! I'm gonna cum! Fuck! Suck me, Bro, or I'm gonna shoot off in my bed!"
he groaned, turning his body so that he could get my eagerly licking tongue
out of his butt.

I quickly allowed him to turn over and grabbed his hard, throbbing cock,
putting my mouth over it. I didn't even have time to suck on it! The moment
it entered my mouth, it started going off! All I could do was close my lips
around it and drink down blast after blast of my brother's hot cum.  Not
that I minded in the least! I'd loved the taste of Darren's cum from the
first time I'd tasted it and nothing had changed that.

After he gotten off, Darren just lay there like he was half dead. It took a
good twenty minutes for him to finally raise his head and look at me. I
actually became afraid that I'd done something wrong!

"Bro, where the fuck did you learn to do that?!" he asked.

He didn't sound angry. He sounded...well...impressed.

"Nowhere. I just wanted to do it." I said.

"Fuck! I don't know, Bro! That was incredible but...well...I'm not all that
sure you ought to be doin' that." he said.

"Why not?" I asked.

"Well...just because." he said.

"Didn't it feel good?" I asked, confused. Darren never was this evasive
about anything.

"Yeah. It felt good. I just don't know if it's...well, if it's all that
healthy for you to be doin' that. I don't want you gettin' sick or
somethin'." he said.

I figured that maybe Darren was concerned about my health, at least to some
degree but I also figured that there was something else going on here that
he wasn't about to talk to me about so I just dropped it. I settled for a
'birthday blowjob' and I never ate Darren's ass again. I wanted to, but I
figured that if he wanted it, he'd let me know and he never did.

Actually, it wasn't too much longer and the sex between Darren and I began
to all but disappear.  Darren started pulling away from me and towards
girls when he was about sixteen. It hurt me, not just because I didn't have
sex with him but there was a closeness lost between us. Not to mention that
I realized the reality that my love for Darren was purely one-sided and he
was never going to love me the way I loved him. That hurt the worst of
all. It especially hurt because there was absolutely no one I could talk to
about it. I just had to act like nothing was going on, that I wasn't dying
inside, watching Darren getting dressed to go out on his dates or having
girls come over to the house and hang all over him.

Of course, within two years, he was gone to college on a football
scholarship. This ended all sex between us, not to mention my entire sex
life. While I wanted to go to college, I realized that there was no way I
could. Our parents couldn't afford to send me and there was no athletic
scholarship for me. It was then I began to look around at alternative ways
to get an education.

It was towards the end of my senior year when I was walking downtown one
day and found myself staring at a poster in a window. The poster was a
picture of an incredibly handsome, masculine male in the uniform of a
United States Marine. Now, I had no allusions about myself. I did not think
I was Marine 'material' at all. God knows, in my mind, I could never
measure up to the guy in the poster no matter what I did. But I also had
this undeniable urge to spend time with guys like him. I guess what I
really wanted was the respect of guys like this. And the only way to gain
that respect would be to become a Marine.

While I didn't think of myself as Marine 'material', this was not the case
with the Marine recruiter! Within five minutes of me standing there,
staring at that poster, he'd come out of his office and the next thing I
knew, he was escorting me inside and giving me his 'sales pitch' of all the
advantages there could be to becoming a member of "The Few, The Proud". I
kept insisting that I couldn't make it as a Marine and he kept knocking
down every argument I had (I guess that's what recruiters are trained to
do!) until I found myself actually believing that I could become a Marine
after all.

To make a long story short, since I had already turned eighteen a couple of
weeks before, I ended up signing on the 'dotted line' and one week after my
graduation, found myself on a bus to Paris Island and Marine Corps
bootcamp.

No matter what stories you've heard about how horrible Marine bootcamp is,
none of them come anywhere close to the truth! It was, without doubt the
most difficult, exhausting, painful, emotionally distressing thing I'd ever
gone through in my life. However, when, at the end of it, I stood there in
my dress blues as a true member of the United States Marine Corps, it was,
without doubt, the proudest day of my life! I had made it! I had proved
that, despite my well hidden sexual desires for other males, I was a
man. More, I was a Marine, part of the most elite, masculine fighting force
in the world. What made that day especially wonderful for me was the fact
that not only my parents but Darren came to the graduation exercises.

I was somewhat surprised by my parents coming. After all, they'd about
disowned me when they found out that I'd joined the Corps. In fact, my Dad
even went to a lawyer to see if they could nullify the agreements I had
signed. But, being eighteen and, by law, an adult, my signature was legal
and binding in all respects. Of course, what really moved me was Darren
coming. After all, he was in college, a college nearly twelve hundred miles
from Paris Island. But there he was, congratulating me and telling me how
proud he was of his 'little bro'.

I discovered a lot of things about myself in the Marine Corps, but probably
the strangest of all was the fact that I was incredibly talented with a
rifle. Having never shot one or even been around guns of any kind in my
life, I was shocked to learn that before I left bootcamp, I was already a
better shot than the Master Gunnery Sergeant who ran the range and oversaw
the training of all 'baby Marines' in bootcamp. I was so good, in fact,
that the Corps sent me for special training as a sniper and then allowed me
to try out for the Corps rifle team. I made the team and, for the next five
years, traveled all over the world, competing in competitions with other
military and national teams.

It was while I was out of the country on one of these trips that I got word
that my brother got married. It was not a 'church' affair. In fact, he and
the girl ran off and got married by a justice of the peace against her
parents wishes. It seemed, however, that about six months later, my nephew
Brian was born which answered all of my questions about why Darren had
gotten married so quickly.

Though I had, at first, tried to hide my attraction to other males in the
Corps, it quickly became apparent that other males were not hiding their
attraction to me! And many of them were Marines who could well have been
pictured on that poster I had become entranced by in the window of the
recruiting office. I learned that eating butt, the thing that had freaked
Darren out so badly that he only let me do it to him once, was something
that other guys loved. They wanted it way more than once! I even found out
how it felt to have it done to me and learned what it was that they loved
about it! I also learned to shove my Marine cock up the ass of other
Marines and the joy of having Marine cock shoved up my Marine butt!

All in all, I had spent six glorious years in the Corps, traveling and
fucking my way around the world. I had achieved the rank of Sergeant 1st
Class and had finally had taken a post at Camp Pendleton as a sniper
instructor. I was just about to 're-up' for another tour of duty when one
the bases's Chaplains came to the range to find me one afternoon as I was
working with a class of future snipers.

"Sergeant Wilson?" he asked me.

"Yes, Sir!" I said, coming to attention and saluting.

"At ease, Sergeant. Could we talk privately?" he asked.

"Certainly, sir! My office is right over here." I said, directing him to
the range office.

Once there, I got us both a cup of coffee.

"Sergeant," he said. "I won't beat around the bush. There's been a tragedy
in your family."

I looked at him, and I know he could see the stricken look on my face. I of
course immediately thought of my parents.

"Is it my Mom or Dad?" I asked quietly, hesitantly.

"No, son. It's your brother's wife. She's been killed in an automobile
accident. Your family has asked that you be granted compassionate
leave. I'm here to let you know that it's been granted.  The Brigade
Commander has arranged for military transport to fly you home. Your flight
leaves in about an hour." he told me.

"Uhh...thank you, sir." I said, not knowing what else to say.

"I'm sorry, son, to bring you such bad news." he said.

"Actually, the bad news is for my brother. I never met his wife. They got
married while I was overseas so I didn't even get to their
wedding. However, I do need to go home to be there for my brother." I told
him.

"Yes, that you can do, Sergeant."

That flight home was almost surreal. First of all, it was the first time
since I had joined the Corps six years before that I'd been home. More
importantly, I didn't know what the fuck I could say to my brother. In the
last six years, Darren had written maybe half a dozen times, at most. Of
course, I was no better. We'd basically kept track of each other through my
mother. I'd always hesitated about getting close to Darren after he left
for college. I don't know why, but I felt he wanted to forget what we had
been to each other as teenagers, to forget the sexual relationship we'd
had.  For my part, I wanted to get over being in love with him but, try as
I might, I'd never successfully been able to achieve that. There had been
lots of my brother Marines that I'd had really mind- blowing sex with but
not one that I had ever gotten really close to or fell in love with. And if
one of them had fallen in love with me, I never knew about it.

Because I was traveling on military transport, I had to land at a military
base. From there I rented a car to drive home. I didn't know where my
brother was living, I just knew it was in the same town as my parents so I
drove home to my parent's house. I hadn't been able to call them before I
left because of the need to get on the plane so I wasn't even sure that
they would be home but when I drove up to the house, I saw a small foreign
compact parked in the driveway so I figured that one of my parents were
home. I left my duffle in the car and walked up to the front door. It
seemed strange to ring the bell of the house that I had grown up in but
this was no longer my home.

My mother answered the door and stood there looking at me in shock. I guess
that the changes to my body in six years would be shocking to her. While I
wasn't any taller, I had put on at least thirty pounds in muscle. I now had
a body that I would have envied in high school. Physical training was a
major part of the Marine Corps and I had blossomed into a hard-bodied,
muscular male under it. Also I don't think she really expected a Marine in
green fatigues to be standing at her door. I hadn't even had a chance to
change into my class A uniform because I had to make the plane. I'd only
time to grab my dress blues and white cover which were hanging in a travel
bag in the closet along with my glossy black shoes.

"Derrick?!" my mother said, looking at me like she had never seen me
before.

"Yeah, mom. It's me." I said.

"Oh, my God! Derrick! You look so...so different!" she said, reaching out
and hugging me to her.

I put my arms around her and hugged her as best I could. She pulled back
and looked at me.

"I can't believe it! You've changed so much!" mom exclaimed.

"Yeah...well the Marine Corps does that." I said.

"Well, come in. You're father's still at work but he should be home in a
little while." she said.

"No, mom. I'll come back later. I just stopped because I want to see Darren
but I don't know where he's living. Could you give me the address?" I
asked.

"Oh, of course! Let me get it for you." she said, going into the house.

I followed her, looking around. It was like a 'time-warp'. Nothing had
changed. The furniture was all the same, just older and somewhat more
worn. The rooms were smaller than I remembered them but I've heard that
memories, especially childhood ones, are like that. Mom came and handed me
a piece of paper. I glanced down at it. The address was just a few streets
away.

"It's not far." mom said.

"Yeah. I can see that. How's he doing?" I asked.

"Not good at all. He won't talk about it. I tried to get him to but he just
sits there. The only one he really reacts to is Brian. You've never met
him, have you?" she asked, as if suddenly realizing I hadn't been home in a
long time.

"No. I haven't. I guess I will now. I'd better go over there. I take it
he's home?"

"Yes. He's home. As far as I know, he hasn't left the house for three days,
since it happened." she said. "We tried to get him to come here but he
wouldn't hear of it. See what you can do, Derrick.  You two were always so
close."

I thought to myself that the closeness between Darren and me had died a
long time ago. About the time that he decided that he'd rather have sex
with girls and I realized that I was in love with him.

"I'll try, mom." was all I said.

I got back into the car and drove to the address mom had given me. It only
took me a couple of minutes. The small house had an SUV parked in the
driveway and a child's tricycle on the front walk leading between the
driveway and the front porch. I pulled into the driveway behind the SUV,
got out and walked up the steps to the porch. I pressed the button near the
door and heard muffled chimes ring somewhere in the house.

It took a few minutes but finally I heard steps slowly approaching the door
and then it was pulled open. For the first time in six years, I stared into
my brother's eyes. But they were very different eyes than I
remembered. Darren had always had the sunnier disposition of the two of
us. I was always way too serious where Darren had a devil-make-care
attitude that flashed in his sparkling blue eyes. Now, those eyes were
hooded and dark-rimmed. The twinkle was gone and the eyes that stared at me
were almost completely lifeless.

"Yeah? Whatdaya want?!" Darren growled at me.

"Darren? It's me! Derrick." I said.

He looked at me, his eyes slowly opening in shock.

"Derrick? Derrick! Is that really you?" he asked, seeming not to even know
me.

"Yeah, Darren. It's me." I said.

At this, he shoved open the door and reached out and grabbed me, pulling me
to him, his muscular arms reaching around me and all but squeezing the life
out of me in a tight bearhug. I may have grown and added weight an muscle
but Darren was even larger and more muscular than he'd been in college when
I'd seen him last. It looked like he must spend half his life in a gym
working out!

"Oh, fuck! Bro!" he said.

That was all he said because at that point, he broke down crying, clutching
me to him as he sobbed against me. I didn't know what to do at that point
so I just put my arms around him and stood there, letting him cry, his
forehead resting on my shoulder.

After a while, he got control of himself and loosened his hold one me. He
lifted his head and looked into my eyes. I couldn't quite tell what it was
I saw in his eyes. It seemed like pain, confusion and something else but
what I couldn't be sure of.

"I'm sorry, Bro." he said softly.

"Hey! It's okay! You've got every right to cry." I said.

"No...no I don't." he said, but before I could ask him why not, he'd let go
of me and somewhat staggered back into the house.

I followed him into the house, shutting the door behind me. He went into
the living room and just sort of collapsed on the sofa. I could see empty
beer cans and a half-empty bottle of bourbon on the coffee table. Mom said
he hadn't left the house for several days. I figured he hadn't left the
couch except maybe to replenish the booze. I sat down on the other end of
the couch from him and he looked at me with the most pathetic expression.

"Yeah. I know. I wouldn't want to get anywhere near me, either." he said,
quietly, looking away.

I couldn't imagine what the fuck was up with him. I mean it's one thing to
lose your wife, someone you love but this didn't sound like that. This
sounded like a man who blamed himself for what had happened. Who saw
himself as being worth less than nothing. I immediately slid down the couch
so that I was sitting right next to him. He pulled his head up and looked
at me as I moved closer. I reached out and put my arm across his shoulders
and pulled him towards me.

At first he somewhat resisted and then he seemed to collapse against me,
reaching out and clutching his arm across my abs, clinging to me like I was
a life raft in a hurricane. I reached my other arm around him to hold him
to me and gently began to stroke his golden hair. After years of playing
with other Marines, it seemed really strange to stroke my fingers through
hair that was several inches long rather than chopped off at half an inch
or less. But his hair was soft and silky and it felt really good sliding
through my fingers.

At the same time, I suddenly realized that Darren must not have showered in
the last three days either because, beyond the smell of alcohol which was
coming out of the pores of his skin, I could strongly smell his scent. A
scent that I knew almost as well as my own and loved more. A scent that, if
I didn't keep myself under rigid control, would have my cock boned in a
heartbeat, something that I didn't feel was appropriate given the
circumstances. After all, sex between Darren and me had ended a long time
ago. I didn't think he'd want to be reminded of what we were to each other
at one time with his wife only dead for a couple of days.

We sat there like that, me holding him, stroking my fingers through his
hair and him clutching me almost, it seemed, in desperation, for what
seemed like hours. In fact, it must have been because I began to notice
that the sun which had been bright, was getting dimmer and was starting to
go down. I didn't care. I didn't have anywhere to go or anything to do but
sit there holding my brother. I knew the minute my arms wrapped around him
that I still loved him as much as I ever had, maybe more. That all the
effort I put into trying to forget him and to stop loving him had been
wasted energy. I knew that I was never going to stop loving him and, what
was worse, that my love was never going to be returned.

I don't know how long we would have sat there together but all of a sudden,
I heard a small voice behind me.

"Daddy?"

I looked around and there was a very small, blond haired boy. He looked to
be about three or four years old. He was standing there in nothing but a
pair of very small, white briefs clutching a brown plush teddy-bear by one
furry paw in one hand. The other hand was at his mouth while he sucked on
his thumb. He looked at me with two huge blue eyes. There was no mistaking
that this was Darren's son. Indeed, he looked just as I remembered Darren
looking at that age and a little older. This was my nephew, Brian. The son
of my brother and a woman I didn't know, had never met, and now never
would.

Darren rose up from where his head had been resting on my chest to look
over the couch as well.  He saw his son standing there and rose up
completely.

"Hey, buddy! How ya doin'? You done with your nap?" he asked his son, a
gentle smile on his face. The first smile I'd seen from him since I got
there.

The little boy didn't answer, only nodded, never taking the thumb from his
mouth, only clutching the bear tighter to him.

"Come here, buddy. I want you to meet somebody." Darren said to his son.

The little boy walked around the end of the couch where his father was,
watching me the whole time and keeping his father between us. Darren pulled
the little boy up into his lap and sat him down facing me as he leaned down
to talk to him.

"This is your Uncle Derrick, Brian. This is Daddy's brother. You know how
you're always asking for a brother? Well...this is my brother." Darren
said.

Little Brian looked at me again with those wide, solemn blue eyes but, this
time, he took his thumb out of his mouth. Still clutching his bear, he
wiggled off his father's lap and crawled the few inches over until he was
sitting in my lap, one hand clutching the bear and the other clutching the
rough fabric of my fatigues. I didn't know exactly what to do at that point
so I did the only thing I could think of. I put my arms around him and
gently hugged him. He grinned up at me and then pulled down hard on my
fatigue shirt. I figured that he wanted me to lean down to him, perhaps to
tell me some secret. Instead, when I got my face down near his, he reached
out and gently kissed my cheek.

I didn't know what to do at that point so, as if by instinct, I simply
turned and gently kissed his smooth cheek. What I didn't expect was the
breath of the scent of 'little boy' that I inhaled at the same time. A
scent that seemed to jog a memory of when Darren and I had been little
boys. It was, however, as if that scent traveled up my nose and then down
until it had wrapped around my heart, clutching it and making me instantly
fall in love with this little piece of Darren who was sitting so warmly on
my lap. At that point, I looked up to see Darren looking at us strangely.

"He's usually very shy. He doesn't take to strangers at all." Darren said,
his voice husky, almost like he had just woken up from sleep.

"But I'm not a stranger, am I, Brian?" I asked, grinning down at the boy
who sat in my lap, grinning back at me. "You already told him that I'm your
brother."

"Yeah...well...I guess...he keeps asking me when I'm going to get him one,
because some of his friends at day-care have brothers. I guess he'll never
have one now." he said, and I could hear the abject misery in his voice.

"Darren, I can't even begin to tell you how sorry I am about all of this."
I said.

"Don't be. There's a lot you don't know, Derrick. A lot that Mom and Dad
don't know." he said, looking away from me.

"Do you want to talk about it?" I asked quietly.

"No. Not now. Maybe later. Yeah...later. Right now, I want to have a beer."
he said, struggling to get up off the couch. "You want one?"

I thought that perhaps Darren had more than enough beer but I wasn't about
to argue with him about it, at least not right then.

"Yeah. Fine." I said as I watched his retreating back as he headed in what
I figured was the direction of the kitchen.

I expected that perhaps Brian would want to get down and follow his father
but he seemed perfectly content to continue sitting on my lap. In fact, he
leaned over and his head and body were resting against my chest and his
thumb was back in his mouth. He seemed almost as if he would go back to
sleep. My arms were still around him and he seemed to feel comfortable and
safe staying right where he was. In fact, by the time Darren got back with
the beers - one for me and two for him - little Brian was asleep in my
arms. Darren stood there a moment looking down at us with this odd look on
his face.

"I can't get over it. He's taken to you like no one else. He didn't even
take to Mom and Dad like this. You must have a magic way with kids,
Bro. Ever thought of having some yourself?" he asked.

That question threw me! It was obvious from it that Darren had either no
idea or chose to ignore the fact that there was no way I was ever going to
have children. Well, not unless I got pregnant.  And considering the amount
of Marine cum I'd taken into my body over the last six years, if it hadn't
happened by this time, there was no chance it ever was! No. It was obvious
that Darren didn't want to deal with the fact that his Marine brother was
'queer'. Or else, though I found it hard to believe, even after all we'd
done together, he really didn't know.

"Uhh...no. Kids don't fit well in a barracks." saying the only thing I
could think of at that moment.

"Well, you ain't gonna be in the Marines all your life, are you?" he asked,
as if being a Marine was just something that I was doing temporarily, like
a summer job between semesters or something.

"I'm thinking about it. After all, what the fuck is out here in civilian
life for me?" I said.

"Could be a lot, Bro. If you wanted it." he said, quietly, his eyes boring
into mine.

Again, I couldn't make out what his eyes were trying to tell me. There were
so many confusing messages coming from Darren. He acted like he wanted to
say something to me but didn't know how. Maybe we'd been apart for too
long. Maybe we no longer knew how to talk to one another.  Then again, the
amount of beer and bourbon he'd evidently had and the shock of his wife
being killed probably wasn't making things any easier. It was a very
awkward situation for me. I didn't know what to say. Worse, I didn't even
know how to talk to Darren anymore. The man I had loved since I was a child
and it was like we didn't even speak the same language anymore.

The End of PART 2 of MARINE RETURN

If you liked the story, please write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com

I have over 70 stories on the Nifty website. If you'd like a complete
listing of them, write me and I'll be glad to send it to you.

I NO LONGER HAVE A NOTIFY LIST!!!

Instead, there is now a Yahoo Group that you can join where you will find
links to all of my stories and the illustrations to BUDDY SYSTEM and to
DANGEROUS MARINE. I will ONLY Notify people who are members of the group
about my new stories.

To join the group, go to:

http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Rim_Pigs_Stories/

I also have a "blog" called THE PIG TROUGH where I do more serious writing
about life and everything in it. You can reach it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

As always, I ask if you liked the story to make a contribution to Nifty to
keep the site running and free!

Thank you.

RimPig

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Tue, 25 Jul 2006 16:29:06 -0700 (PDT)
From: rimpigfl
Subject: MARINE RETURN 01

DEDICATION: To all members of the United State Marine Corps - especially
those serving in foreign posts.

Copyright 2006 by RimPig. All rights reserved. Permission is granted to
Nifty Archives, to archive and display this work. All other uses are
expressly forbidden unless explicit arrangement has been made with the
author. This copyright applies to all chapters and pages of this work. It
may not be reproduced, posted, stored electronically, or archived, except
for personal, non-public use, without the express written permission of the
author.

MARINE RETURN
Part 1
by RimPig   2006

Probably the biggest shock that my parents had to endure was my
announcement three days before graduation that I was joining the United
States Marine Corps. What was particularly shocking about it was that, if
any body would have been seen as likely Marine Corps material, it was my
older brother, Darren.

Darren, who was just two years older than me, was the family
jock. Football, baseball, wrestling, track, you name it - if you could
sweat doing it, Darren did it. More than that, he was great at it.  He had
more letters and trophies than anybody who'd graduated from our high school
in over 30 years. He was the BJOC (Big Jock On Campus) - popular with all
the girls and all the guys. Not to mention devastatingly handsome to
boot. At six foot two inches with golden blond hair and deep blue eyes and
the body of a trained athlete, Darren was a heart-throb to most of the
girls and a wet-dream to some of the guys. Of course, those guys would
never in a million years admit that - but I could see the looks they gave
my brother when they thought no one was looking. Looks that Darren was
completely oblivious to, or so I thought at the time.

Needless to say, in the way of so many 'little' brothers, I was nothing
like Darren. First of all, I was shorter than Darren at only five foot ten
inches - Okay! Five foot nine and a half! - and I had dark brown hair and
green eyes. Somehow, Darren got my mother's coloring and I got Dad's while
Darren got Dad's build and height and I seemed to get Mom's. Not exactly a
fair distribution in my mind. Add to that, I was no type of jock
whatever. In fact, I was totally inept when it came to any kind of sports
except swimming. I had, for all intents and purposes, no hand- eye
coordination so anything that had to do with any kind of a 'ball' was
completely beyond me.

I was also the family 'nerd' - getting good grades while
Darren...well...I'm not saying that Darren is stupid - because he's not!
But he did tend to breeze by on being a Jock and just doing enough work to
get by. Because of his athletic prowess, however, he got tons of
scholarship offers to college. I, on the other hand, who got straight 'A's'
all the way through high school and was class Salutatorian, got not one
scholarship offer. Which, to my mind, has never seemed fair.

There were several other things that I didn't think were very fair then -
kind of like jokes that the Universe had played on me. The first, of
course, was having such a talented, athletic brother who's footsteps I had
to travel in and couldn't. If Darren had been anything but the nicest,
greatest guy in the world, I could have really ended up hating him. But he
was and I didn't.  Which, in it's own way, brings up the second joke the
Universe played on me.

Darren and I had always been close. Part of the reason for that was the
fact that, to be honest, I worshiped the ground he walked on. I idolized my
older brother. As a kid, I followed him everywhere - and unlike most older
brothers, he let me! He never seemed to mind having me around. He was
everything to me from the time I could toddle after him, still in 'training
pants'. In the middle of the night, if I had a bad dream or there was
thunder and lightening (something that scared the bejeesus out of me!), it
was Darren's bed that I ran to for protection. He never minded.  He'd just
lift the covers and I practically jump into his arms, quickly falling
asleep again, sure of the protection of my 'Big Bro'.

I should say that it was easy finding his bed as we always - at least until
he went away to college - slept in the same room. Our parents were not rich
and we only had a two bedroom house. It was never a problem, though,
because Darren and I got along so great, sharing a room was never a
problem. Well...almost never. There was one time that was pretty tense for
Darren and me.

It was right around Darren's thirteenth birthday. Things were happening to
Darren that, while I didn't really know exactly what they were, there were
some outward signs that gave me some clues. First of all, it had never been
any big deal for us to see each other naked all the time. But, all of a
sudden, Darren stayed dressed all the time. We'd slept naked ever since we
were little - neither one of us liking pajamas for some reason. Now Darren
was wearing underwear to bed.  The first time I saw him in them, I just
figured he was so tired he'd fallen asleep with them on without realizing
it. But, no. The next night, he was wearing them again. When I asked him
why, he hemmed and hawed for a while and then finally told me he was cold
at night. Well, that would have worked if it hadn't been June! When I
pointed this out to him, he got huffy and told me it was none of my
business! He'd never spoken to me like that before, and it hurt! I didn't
say anything but I wondered what the hell was going on.

Then there was the creaking bed. Several nights in a row, I was woken up by
Darren's bed rhythmically creaking in the middle of the night. I had no
idea what the fuck was going on but I could see that Darren was doing
something under the covers and his bed was shaking causing the creaking
noises. However, after the incident with the underwear, I wasn't about to
get my head bitten off by asking him what the fuck was going on!  About
this same time, Darren also started spending an inordinate amount of time
in the bathroom that we shared. This was what finally caused everything to
come to a head between us.

One morning, Darren was taking even longer than usual in the bathroom and
not only was he going to make me late for school, I had to pee so bad I
couldn't stand it any longer. What Darren had failed to remember was to
lock the bathroom door so after waiting long enough that I was about to
piss on the floor, I grabbed the handle and turned - never expecting it to
open, but it did.  I rushed into the bathroom and immediately stood at the
toilet, pissing. The relief I felt was heavenly. It was after a few
moments, however, that I happened to look over and there was Darren
standing in the shower, with the water running and completely oblivious to
the fact that he had company! Through the shower doors I could see that he
was standing there, his eyes closed and his head thrown back, busily
stroking up and down his cock.

Now, I'd seen Darren cock plenty of times - though not lately due to his
sudden modesty.  However, I'd never seen it look like this! It was standing
up, straight, tall and seemingly rigid.  Not only that, it appeared to be a
great deal larger than I remember it being when it was just soft and
hanging. It was quite thick and a LOT bigger than the little dink I was
pissing through! I stood there staring at him while he continued to slide
his cock through his fist and make these sounds like he was somehow in
pain. At the same time, my own cock suddenly started to bone up just like
Darren's and so there we stood, each with our hardons in our hands - except
Darren evidently was doing something with his and I was just standing there
holding mine. I looked down at it, wondering what the fuck was going on! I
couldn't remember it ever getting hard like this before. I squeezed it with
my hand to see how hard it really was and the feeling that shot through my
body almost made me pass out it was so good!

I groaned out loud at the feeling and that's when Darren became aware of me
standing there. He stopped what he was doing and screamed at me.

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN HERE?!"

Now, you have to understand, Darren had NEVER screamed at me like that! I
had no idea what it was that I had done wrong but I instantly started to
cry. That was embarrassing enough, but I was standing there crying with my
hard cock still clutched in my hand.

"I had to pee!" I wailed.

I guess at that point, Darren realized what he had done. He threw open the
shower door and stepped out into the bathroom. Ignoring the fact that he
was still hard, he threw his arms around me and pulled me to him.

"I'm sorry, Derrick! I didn't mean to yell at you! You just frightened me,
is all. I didn't know you were there. I guess I forgot to lock the door."
he said, trying to calm me down.

I nodded, my face against his chest. That was something else that I noticed
at that point. It had been a long time since I had been in this close
physical contact with Darren and there were definite changes to his body. I
had been able to see the muscles he had begun to develop but now I could
feel them - especially the ones in his chest that my face was pressed
against. My brother's body was hard! Not soft as it had been when we were
kids. Oh, the skin was still soft but the muscles underneath were now hard
- and they bulged out. The feeling was rather exciting to me for some
reason I couldn't explain. So exciting, in fact, that my little hard cock
tingled over the feeling of Darren's muscles and stayed hard as a piece of
iron!

Strangely enough, I noticed that Darren's remained in the same condition
though it was now pressed against me. I could feel it throbbing like it had
a life of it's own. I didn't know what to think, at that point, I just
realized that I really liked the feeling of Darren's hard muscular body and
his equally hard cock pressed against me. I looked up into my brother's
eyes and I could see something there that I'd never seen before. I didn't
know what it was but it was a 'look'. A look that sent thrills through me
for some unknown reason.

"What were you doing?" I asked, quietly.

I was still curious about what it was that Darren had been doing in the
shower. From the rhythm of his hand stroking up and down his hard cock, it
reminded me of the strange creaking noises from his bed at night and I
wondered if what he'd been doing in the shower was what he was doing in
bed?

"Uhh...well...you see, bro...uhh...Oh, Fuck! It's called jacking-off." he
said, his tone somewhat exasperated.

"What's that?" I asked.

"Well, it's something that guys do that feels good." Darren answered.

"I'm a guy. Why don't I do it? Where'd you learn to do it?" I asked.

Yes, I was one of those little brothers who thought it was my inalienable
right to get to do EVERYTHING that my big brother got to do. Of course I
rarely got to do what he did - at least not right away. But eventually I
would.

Darren now looked at me with this look on his face like he was scared of
something. My guess is that he figured out that if he didn't tell me what
it was he was doing and let me in on how to do it, I'd go ask Mom or Dad if
I could and that was, of course, the very LAST thing that Darren wanted to
happen!

"Look, bro!" he finally said, "If I show ya, ya gotta promise that this is
just between you and me!  Nobody else! You don't EVER tell anybody that I
showed you this! Not your little friends and especially Mom and Dad!"

"I won't! I swear!" I said.

"Cross your heart and hope to die - stick a needle in your eye?" Darren
asked me the ritual swearing of our age groups.

"Cross my heart and hope to die, stick a needle in my eye!" I swore, making
a cross on my heart with my index finger.

"Okay. Come on. Get in the shower with me, it will be easier there." he
said.

We'd taken showers before when we were little but it had been a very long
time since the last one.  I don't know why, but the prospect of doing so
again got my little pecker harder than it had been - and it hadn't gone
down a bit! Darren grabbed the bar of soap and started soaping up his groin
again, making lots of suds in the hairs that were growing around his
cock. This was something I hadn't really noticed before! When did he get
hair there, I wondered? I didn't have any hair there!  I was a bald as a
billiard cue - but, then again, I was only eleven at the time.

"When did you get hair there?" I asked, watching him soap his groin.

"It started growing in the last few months." he said.

"Why don't I have hair?" I asked.

"You're too young yet. You'll get some when you're my age." he said. "Now,
take the soap and rub it all over you around your cock."

I took the soap from Darren and did as he instructed. My groin was quickly
all soapy and slippery, which was exactly what it was supposed to be.

"Okay, now, take your hand, grab your cock and slide your hand up and down
it. That makes it feel good." Darren explained.

I started doing that but it didn't seem to do much for me. Not like it did
for Darren who was moaning again. He looked down and noticed I'd stopped
and was watching him.

"Why'd you stop?" he asked, stopping himself.

"I must not be doing it right." I said. "It doesn't feel all that good."

"Here, let me show you." Darren said.

And without seeming to mind or be self-conscious about it, Darren grabbed
onto my little cock and began stroking me. HOLY FUCK! Now THAT felt GOOD!
That felt better than anything I'd ever felt in my whole life! I looked up
into Darren's face and he was smiling at me. He could see the effect he was
having on me.

"Feel good, bro?" he asked.

"Oh, fuck yeah!" I said.

He kept stroking me and, without really thinking about it, I suddenly
reached out and grabbed hold of his hard cock and was doing to him what he
was doing to me! Then it was Darren's turn to groan.

"Am I doing it right?" I asked.

"Oh, fuck yeah, bro! Just like that. Maybe squeeze just a little
harder...yeah...that's it." Darren moaned.

We stood there, jacking each other off and our orgasms quickly built. Of
course, I had no fucking idea what an orgasm was! It felt like I was gonna
piss again and it scared me! I didn't want to piss on Darren.

"Darren! Stop! You're gonna make me pee!" I said.

"No you're not, bro! It just feels like that cause you're gettin' ready to
cum. Don't worry about it.  Just relax and let it happen!" Darren
said. "And, whatever you do, don't stop doin' me!"

"But Darren! I don't want to pee on you!" I whined.

"You won't! I promise! Okay?" he grunted.

One thing about Darren - never in my life did he ever make a promise to me
and not keep it. If Darren promised me that I wasn't gonna pee then, no
matter what it felt like, I knew I wasn't gonna pee. I kept stroking him
and he kept stroking me. The feelings inside me kept getting stronger and
stronger to the point that I thought I would pass out. But I had said that,
no matter what, I wouldn't stop stroking him so I concentrated on
that. Suddenly, though, this feeling started welling up inside me that I
just couldn't stop and couldn't deny!

"OHHH! FUCK!" I screamed out as the rush of orgasm slammed into my boy-body
for the first time in my life.

"Yeah! Bro! That's it! Cum for me!" Darren exclaimed as my body shook and
trembled.

But I held onto his cock and kept on stroking up and down.

"Faster, bro! Go faster!" Darren begged at that point so I started sliding
faster and faster up and down his pole until it seemed my hand was a blur!

Suddenly I felt Darren's cock expand in my hand and his body grew rigid,
the ridges of his abs becoming very pronounced. Then he grunted several
times and I felt his cock jerk in my hand and start to belch out all this
white stuff that went all over his abs and my hand. I had no idea what it
was and, at first, was scared thinking that I had somehow hurt him! But as
he began to visibly relax, he smiled down at me. I looked at him in
amazement.

"What is that?" I asked, referring to the white stuff that had come out of
his cock.

"That's sperms -also called 'cum', bro. That's the stuff that makes babies
when you fuck a woman." he said.

Well, this was news to me! I had no idea what 'fuck' was - other than a
word that got tossed around a lot and would get Mom and Dad really pissed
at you if they heard you use it. As to 'making babies' - I had no fucking
idea how that was accomplished! Darren evidently saw the look of utter
confusion on my face.

"You do know how babies are made, don't you, bro?" he asked.

"No. I have no idea." I said, somehow ashamed of my lack of knowledge.

"Look we don't have time now but tonight, after the 'rents have gone to
sleep, I'll tell you all about it. Okay?" he asked.

"Yeah!" I said, so proud and pleased that Darren was taking this interest
in me and letting me in on these 'secrets'. It was like the 'old Darren'
was back again. "Uhh...what do I do with this?"

I was referring to the 'sperms' all over my hand.

"Well, you can either wash it off or just eat it. It won't hurt you. In
fact, it's supposed to be good for you. It's like pure protein. I eat it
all the time so I don't have to use my underwear or tissues to clean it
up. That way there's no evidence for Mom to find." he laughed.

Darren had never lied to me in my life. If he said it was okay to eat the
stuff and that it tasted good, I believed him. I began licking it off my
hand and discovered that it was somewhat salty but mostly sweet. I did like
the taste! In fact, I eventually came to like it a lot! I noticed that
Darren really was grinning watching me eat his cum. I wish I'd known then
what he was thinking about at that moment.

That night, we all went to bed at the usual time. That was pretty
typical. Mom and Dad usually went to bed the same time that Darren and I
did. Like I told you, I wanted to do everything that Darren did so I had
eventually gotten our parents to agree to letting me have the same bedtime
he did.

Once we were in bed and things got quiet, Darren called to me.

"Bro? You still awake?" he whispered across the space between our beds.

"Yeah." I answered.

"Okay, come over into my bed. I don't want to have to shout all this out to
you." Darren said.

I was in his bed in a flash. I noticed that, when he lifted the covers, the
underwear that he'd taken to wearing was gone and he was a naked as I was
again. I snuggled under the covers with him, our bodies pressed together
and with Darren's outstretched arm under my head like a pillow.

"Okay, Derrick, this is how it is - you know how your cock gets hard
sometimes?" he asked.

"It never did until this morning." I said.

"Never?" he asked, incredulously.

"Well, not that I remember." I said.

"Well, I'll bet it did but it was while you were asleep. Anyway, when your
cock gets hard like that, it means you want to have sex." Darren said.

"Really!?" I asked in amazement.

"Yep! Really, bro. When your cock gets hard it's so that you can stick it
in a girl's pussy and fuck her." he said.

"Pussy? You mean like a cat?" I asked, thoroughly confused at this.

"No, bro. That's just a name for it like 'cock' is a name for your
'penis'. A woman's hole is called her 'vagina' but it's also called a
'pussy'. A guy sticks his hard cock in her hole and pushes it in and out
and fucks her until he shoots his cum up inside her and that, along with
this egg that she makes in her body, becomes a baby." Darren said.

"You're kidding me, right?" I countered. "You stick your cock inside her
and shoot that stuff out?"

"I'm not kidding, bro! That's called fucking." he insisted.

"Have you ever done it?" I asked, looking at him in suspicion.

"No! Of course not! Ain't no fuckin' girl gonna let me fuck her! Shit! I
can't even get one to blow me!" he said.

"Blow you?" I asked.

"Oh, shit!" Darren said.

Evidently, he hadn't meant to mention that.

"Yeah...blow me." he said. "There's another way to make the sperms come out
of your dick that feels really good. It's called a 'blow job'. It's where
somebody takes your cock in their mouth and sucks on it until you blow your
cum out."

I looked at him with great incredulity.

"Now I know you're lyin'! Somebody take your cock and put it in their
mouth?! Ewww! Gross!"  I exclaimed and made gagging noises.

"Hey! It ain't gross! It feels great. And it doesn't taste any different
than sucking your thumb - and, God knows! - you've done that enough!"
Darren growled at me.

"Hey! I do not!" I protested. I hadn't sucked my thumb in a long time - at
least six months!

"Well, if you don't now, you sure did!" he insisted.

I glared at him.

"Doesn't it taste like pee?" I demanded.

"No! It doesn't taste like pee!" he jeered. "It just tastes like skin."

"Hey! Wait a minute! How do you know?" I asked, suddenly wondering where
all this 'expertise' had come from.

"I just know, okay! It's none of your fucking business how I know. I just
do!" Darren said and I could see he was getting pissed.

I decided that I'd better take another tack. I didn't want to piss him off
- especially since he was finally talking to me again like he used
to. Besides, I was kind of hoping that we could do that 'jacking-off' thing
together again.

"Uhh...okay. I'm sorry." I said, sounding as apologetic as I could. "Do you
want to me to jack you off again?"

"Well...yeah...you could. But I was thinkin'. Maybe we could do somethin'
better." Darren said slowly.

"Like what?" I asked.

Something better?! Fuck! That had been great! I couldn't even begin to
imagine something better!

"Well...like I said, blow jobs are a LOT better than jacking off. I thought
maybe you'd like to try that. I'll suck on your cock and you suck on mine."
he said.

I looked at him dubiously. I still wasn't so sure about the idea of taking
his cock in my mouth - even though there was something intriguing and
exciting about the prospect. It was a little scary to me, but I couldn't
tell you why.

"Well...maybe...I guess we could." I said slowly.

"Look, I'll even do you first so you know what it feels like." Darren said.

That allayed a lot of my fear. I was afraid that I'd do it to him and then
he'd refuse to do it to me.  But if he was willing to go first...well....

"Okay. But you gotta do me first!" I insisted.

"I just said I would, didn't I?' he demanded.

"Yeah...I'm just makin' sure!" I said.

"Okay, just lay back and spread your legs open." Darren said.

I did as he told me and he pushed the covers down off our naked bodies. I
was already hard as a rock. I had been since I got into his bed and felt
his body close to me. I didn't know what was up with that but it sure felt
good. I noticed that Darren's cock was hard as well. I was grateful because
then he couldn't make fun of me about my having a boner.

Darren slid down until he was layin' on his stomach in between my legs,
lookin' up at me from between them.

"Okay, now whatever you do, don't go yellin' out. The last thing we want is
to have Mom or Dad come in here!" Darren needlessly reminded me.

Well, I thought it was needlessly. But then he started licking my little
sack of balls below my hard cock and I thought I had died and gone to
heaven! Fuck! I couldn't believe it! This felt ten times better than
jacking off and Darren hadn't even started sucking my cock yet! I groaned
at the feelings that his tongue was giving me.

"Ahh! Fuck!" I moaned.

"SHH!!!" Darren hissed at me. "You're gonna get Mom and Dad in here! Stick
a pillow in your mouth if you can't keep quiet!"

That was a great idea! I grabbed a pillow and shoved it in my mouth. There
I lay, clutching the pillow to me and watching as my brother licked my
balls and moved up my little cock. God! If I had any idea that something
like this could feel this good, we would have been doin' this a LONG time
ago! I knew within me that I wanted to suck on Darren's cock more than
anything in the world - despite my former protestations to the contrary. I
also began to realize that Darren was just far too good at this to have
never done it before! He seemed to know exactly what he was doing. I began
to figure out that he MUST have done this with someone else before but I
had no idea who.

Of course, there was the bunch of his jock pals who he sometimes spent
sleep-overs with. Those I was NOT allowed to go to! Mom and Dad had made
that abundantly clear to me! I was allowed to go on sleep-overs with my own
friends but NOT with Darren and his. That would have been okay with me if I
had any real friends to have sleep-overs with but, I wasn't Darren. I
wasn't a jock and I wasn't popular. Therefore, the only good thing about
Darren's sleep-overs up until now had been the fact that I got our room all
to myself. And, frankly, there wasn't much good about that. When Darren
wasn't there, it just made me very, very lonely. So, perhaps, it was on
these sleep-overs that Darren had gone on that he had learned all this
stuff. Maybe it was with his jock friends that he did this stuff. If that
was the case, I felt doubly gratified that he deigned to do it with me!

At any rate, by this point, Darren had reached the point where he had taken
my hard little cock into his mouth and was gently and slowly sucking on
it. I thought that I would go crazy from all the wonderful feelings I was
having. I could hardly lie still! My hips and legs were moving as if they
had a mind of their own. My hips were thrusting my little cock into
Darren's mouth in a rhythm very much like the one that I had used to jack
him off. All I knew, at that point, was that this was the single most
intense set of feelings I'd ever had in my life and it was my brother
giving them to me!

Of course, being only 11, I had no ability at control. It probably took no
more than three to five minutes and I was having my second dry orgasm of my
life in my brother's mouth. Regardless, it was intense and it was
incredible! I actually did pass out for a few moments because the next
thing I knew, Darren was leaning over me.

"Derrick! Are you okay, bro?" he said as he was shaking me.

I came around slowly looking up at his flushed face. I don't know what
possessed me or why I did it but I reached up, wrapped my arms around his
neck and pulled is face down to mine and started gently kissing him. At
first he seemed to resist slightly but then gave in. His mouth opened and
the next thing I knew his tongue was pushing at my lips, forcing them open
and then sliding into my mouth. Now, I'd heard of 'French kissing' but had
never experienced it. To be honest, when I'd heard about it, I'd had the
same reaction as I'd had to the idea of cocksucking. The idea of somebody
sticking their tongue in your mouth struck me as really gross! But, here I
was, Darren's tongue in my mouth and what was I doing? I was sucking on it
and moaning deep in my throat, experiencing feelings for Darren that I'd
never knew existed before! Don't get me wrong.  I'd always loved my Big
Bro! But now! Well, now I knew somehow that love had deepened and expanded
in ways I couldn't even begin to explain.

Finally, Darren broke the kiss, pulling his face away from mine and looking
down at me.

"Wow! Bro! Where'd you learn to do that?" he asked, surprised.

"I don't know. I've never done it before." I said as I blushed deeply. For
some reason it made me embarrassed - I guess to be showing that much
emotion to Darren.

"Hey! It's okay, bro! You're really good at that!" he grinned down at me.

Okay! That's better! I grinned back up at him. I could feel the weight of
his body on top of mine and could feel the hard insistence of his cock as
it poked into my belly. I realized that he was wanting me to do him now. I
was ready - Hell! I was more than ready! I wanted his cock!

"Uhh...will you do me now?" Darren asked softly.

I grinned up at him.

"You bet!" I said eagerly.

I think Darren was a little taken aback by my eagerness but I think he was
also very gratified by it.  He moved off me and rolled over on his back,
spreading his legs to give me access to his hard cock. When he did so, he
put his arms behind his head. This opened up his armpits and as I started
to move down to his groin, I was suddenly stopped by a strong scent that
wafted over me and filled my senses. It was the sweaty, musky scent of
Darren's underarms. We didn't take showers at night before bed. We took
them in the morning. So, what I was smelling was the accumulation of sweat
and musk from Darren's entire day.

Without even thinking, I stopped and breathed deeply of his heady,
masculine, sweaty scent.  While I realized that this was probably supposed
to 'stink', it sure didn't to me! In fact, I'd never smelled anything that
intriguing in my young life! It was a scent that said 'sex' and 'Darren'
all at the same time!

"What's the matter?" Darren asked, looking at me funny.

"Nothing!" I answered quickly, too quickly.

"No. What's the matter, Derrick?" he asked again.

"Nothing's wrong. I just...well...I was...well...I can smell you." I said.

Darren turned his head and stuck his nose into his armpit.

"Oh! Sorry about that!" he said.

"NO! You don't understand...uhh...it smells...uhh...really good to me." I
admitted quietly.

"Really?" he asked.

"Yeah. Really. It turns me on." I admitted.

At this, Darren again put his nose in his pit and took another sniff.

"Umm! Righteous stink!" Darren grinned at me.

I leaned over and put my nose directly into his pit and breathed deep. The
sweaty, musky scent of his underarms overwhelmed my senses and I
moaned. The sparse blond hairs tickled my nose as I continued to breathe in
this scent of Darren. It was then that I began to realize that this scent,
this smell, was something I was intimately familiar with. It was Darren's
personal scent. A scent that I had been around for my entire life. A scent
that conjured up images of my brother but more, conjured up feelings deep
within me that I couldn't, at that time, completely understand.

I loved Darren. That was a given. From what I had seen from other boys, I
could not have been blessed with a better older brother. Darren never
terrorized or abused me as I saw so many other older brothers do to their
younger siblings. Darren had always given me time, something I was later to
discover was the most precious commodity that one human being could give to
another.  All in all, I had every reason to love him as a brother. But
somehow I began to realize that the feelings that were taking root deep
down inside me were stronger, more enduring, more intense than simply the
love of one brother for another.

As I buried my nose deeper in his armpit, the sudden desire not just to
smell but to taste Darren burned within me and, being only 11, I was not
given to a lot in the way of inhibitions so my tongue almost preceded my
thoughts. I began licking through Darren's underarm, tasting the saltiness
of the sweat, tasting the tang of his adolescent musk and making me almost
want to devour him!

Darren, for his part, began moaning deeply as I licked at this very
sensitive area on his body. At first, I don't think he knew what to do
about what I was doing. Had I known how close to the edge between pleasure
and pain I was driving my brother, I doubt that I would have had the guts
to do what I was doing but, having never experienced this before, I was
happily lapping away at him as he writhed on the bed. Finally he reached
up, holding the back of my head and gently pressing my face further into
his armpit. Somehow I got the idea that this was something that he liked a
great deal. That meant, to me, that it was something I would have to do at
every opportunity I got.

Finally, though, Darren couldn't take any more. He pushed my on my head,
forcing me away from his pit and further down his body. I looked at him and
he grinned.

"I'm gonna cum if you don't stop that! I can't take it. It's too fucking
much!" he said.

"Oh...I'm sorry." I quickly apologized.

"Hey! You don't need to be sorry! It feels really good, bro! I'm just so
fuckin' horny right now. I really need to shoot my load." he explained.

I knew that this meant that what he really wanted out of me was my mouth
around his cock. I quickly moved down his body, intending to lay my head on
his stomach and to access his cock in that way. However, when I looked
down, there was a pool of clear liquid on his abs where I had thought to
lay my head.

"What's that? Did you pee?" I asked.

"No, bro! I didn't pee! That's not pee. That's pre-cum." he told me.

"What's that?" I asked.

I was intensely curious. This wasn't the 'white stuff' that he'd shot out
of his cock when we showered that morning. It was clear. However, when
Darren reached his hand down and took some of it on his finger, I noticed
that, as his finger pulled away from his body, a silver strand of the stuff
followed giving me the idea that it was thick and sticky - like honey or
something.

"Hey! It's kind of like honey!" I said.

Darren chuckled.

"More than you know, Derrick." he said. "In fact, I've heard it called
'cock-honey'."

"Really?!" I exclaimed softly.

"Yeah. It's sweet like honey and somewhat thick. Here. Taste for yourself."
and saying this he brought his fingers to my mouth.

I sucked the pre-cum from his fingers and tasted it. It was sweet! I loved
the taste immediately.

"Where does it come from?" I asked.

"From my cock. It comes out when a guy is really turned on. It's supposed
to like 'lubricate' things so that when you're fucking, you cock slides
easily in and out of the girl." Darren said.

"Oh! It sure does taste good." I told him.

"Well, there more where that came from!" he grinned.

I got the hint. First I leaned down and licked up all the pre-cum that was
pooled on his abs. Then I lay my head down and took the head of his cock
into my mouth. In seconds, I could taste more of the sweet liquid falling
into my mouth from the head of his cock. I licked across the head, tasting
more of the pre-cum and Darren groaned at the feeling. I kept licking at
his cock head and slowly taking more and more of his cock into my mouth. I
remember thinking at the time how huge his cock was. Having seen no other
hard cock but my own dinky four incher, I had no idea how big cocks could
be - or how big this one in my mouth would eventually grow. I only knew it
was way more than my mouth could handle that first night.

But it didn't seem to matter that I couldn't swallow Darren's entire cock
like he could mine.  Darren reached down and ran his hands through my hair
as I continued to use my mouth to bring him as much pleasure as I
could. That was evidently a lot considering all the moaning and groaning he
was doing. Finally, however, all good things must come to an end. Darren
grabbed my head and moaned out.

"Fuck! I'm gonna cum, bro! I'm gonna shoot my load. You better pull off if
you don't want me to shoot in your mouth!" he said.

Of course I wanted him to shoot in my mouth! What the fuck did he think I
was doing this for?!  I'd tasted his 'sperms' that morning and loved the
taste. I couldn't wait for his cock to shoot them out into my mouth, just
like it had shot them all over his abs and my hand that morning. I was too
young, at this point to have made the connection between what I was doing
and the epithets 'fag' and 'queer' and 'gay' that I heard every day in
school. I had no idea that swallowing the sweet cream that came from my
brother's cock - indeed just taking his cock in my mouth as I had done -
automatically labeled me as these. It was only later that I realized what
my brother was trying to do by trying to get me to pull off his cock before
he shot. He was trying to save me from being completely gay.

His effort was far too late. I didn't know it then but I had been born
totally and completely gay.  Girls didn't interest me at all, as they
didn't most 11 year old boys. But they would never interest me. It would
always be males that would turn me on and make my cock hard.

"Ahh! Fuck! Bro! Here it CUMS!!!" Darren exclaimed as I felt his cock
tremble in my mouth and begin to pulse out shot after shot of Darren's
thick, tasty cream.

I lay there, swallowing quickly to take it all. There really wasn't a lot
of it, after all, Darren was only 13 and had only been shooting loads for a
couple of months. Of course, he never told me that until much later. If
he'd been older and more developed, I doubt if I would have been able to
swallow his whole load but I did.

When he finally stopped cumming, Darren pulled me up the bed and took me in
his arms, laying my head on his muscular shoulder, just like he'd done when
we were little and that is how we curled up together and fell asleep.

The End of Part 1 of MARINE RETURN

If you liked the story, please write me at rimpigfl@yahoo.com

I have over 70 stories on the Nifty website. If you'd like a complete
listing of them, write me and I'll be glad to send it to you.

I NO LONGER HAVE A NOTIFY LIST!!!

Instead, there is now a Yahoo Group that you can join where you will find
links to all of my stories and the illustrations to BUDDY SYSTEM and to
DANGEROUS MARINE. I will ONLY Notify people who are members of the group
about my new stories.

To join the group, go to:

http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Rim_Pigs_Stories/

I also have a "blog" called THE PIG TROUGH where I do more serious writing
about life and everything in it. You can reach it at
http://www.livejournal.com/users/rimpig/

As always, I ask if you liked the story to make a contribution to Nifty to
keep the site running and free!

Thank you.

RimPig