Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Thu,  1 Aug 2002 19:14:37 -0400
From: Massimiliano Leonardi
Subject: Gangbanged, part 2

Gangbanged, part 2 	[continued]

Before slipping that nice log in my hot, waiting mouth, I decided to make
love first to his big hairy balls.  They were huge, and I could tell that
they were full of his salty man-juice.  Oftentimes soldiers don't get much
of a chance to "relieve" themselves when they're thousands of miles away
from home, from their girlfriends.  And from the size of his fucknuts I
could tell that it had been a while for him.

I slowly stuck my tongue underneath that hairy sack and began to tease him.
His eyes immediately rolled backwards, and I could tell that my tongue was
driving him crazy.  He began to groan and grunt and so I sped up,
slobbering all over those babymakers.  They were low-hanging and swung back
and forth above my darting tongue.  The next thing I knew his left ball was
completely in my mouth and I sucked on it and continued to dance my tongue
over his leathery bag.  I couldn't get enough.

By now there was saliva spilling out of my mouth and running down my toned
chest.  I used it to continue stroking my big manpole while I sucked that
sailor's ball.  When I felt that he couldn't take any more of my hot mouth
on his sack and slowly went to work and gradually moved up along his shaft.
I paused for a moment at the base in that tender spot and his groans
gradually increased.  By the time I had made my way up to the head he was
grunting so hard I could tell he was enjoying this was probably the best
cocksucking he had ever experienced.  Before swallowing that huge chunk of
manhood, I asked him, "Your girlfriend ever give you head like this?"

"Forget that cunt, dude.  I want to feel my schlong scraping against your
tonsils, guapo."  This got a laugh out of the other soldier boys who were
standing behind him, many of whom already had their big greasy cockheads
sticking out of their jockeys, waiting their turn.

I needed no further prodding, and soon had his whole length rammed down my
throat.  It was so big I started to gag at first, but soon got a hold on it
and started moving up and down, chewing on that military beef.  Well,
better said, he was fucking my face, and I loved it.  I had never had so
much meat down my throat before, and I wanted more.

"Yeah, that's it man, suck this big piece of sausage.  You fucking slut,
you love it don't you.  Eat my dick pretty boy, Fuck yeah!"

By now I could barely breath, with all that American muscle crammed into my
mouth, there was little space for air.  I love the feel of a cock jammed
into your throat, his felt like it was nearly in my stomach.  It tasted so
good, I never wanted it to end.  In the meantime I reached around and put
one hand on his firm ass, and held on for dear life.  I'd like to say that
it was because I wanted to touch his ass, but it was more because he was
fucking my throat so hard I could barely keep my balance.  Here I was
impaled on this hunky sailor's tool, my cherry-red lips clamped around the
shaft.  Suddenly, he gave me a slap on the side of my face and said,

"You fucking faggot, tell me how much you love me pounding your face!"

Well, with the inches and inches of schlong stuffed into me there was no
way in hell I could've responded, which led him to slap me again, "I don't
fucking hear you, bitch!  You speak English, Italian boy?  You slut
cocksucker, eat that pole!"

The slaps continued, but they didn't distract me from my mission, I needed
his jizz and I needed it soon.  It would be my prize, my dessert after the
big meal of American beef I was enjoying for dinner.  I could feel his
balls swelling up and I knew that he was close to shooting that sweet cream
down my throat.

"Oh yeah, you're fucking driving me crazy, guapo," he grunted, "oh,
fuuuuuck!!!!"  And with that he shot a thick stream of hot manjuice into
me.  And it kept coming.  There was so much of that salty lovemilk that it
began to spurt out of the corners of my mouth and dribbling down my neck.
I swallowed as fast as I could, man did he send a huge load into me.  As he
pulled out that massive piece of cock, I could see the rivulets of his cum
dripping off of it, and so I jerked my head forward and licked his shaft up
and down, not wanting to miss a drop.

"Well, well, well, this pretty-faced Italian cockwhore looks like he's
still hungry boys," he said to the other soldiers who were standing before
him.  "Hope you don't have plans guido, cuz these boys here are mighty
horny, and then later on I've got an appointment with your tight Italian
asshole."

Looks like it's gonna be a long day!

(to be continued)

If you liked this story, please let me know.  I like exchanging stories and
fantasies with other guys from around the world.  Please email me (hot,
erotic pictures of yourself are always welcome) and tell me what you'd like
to do with me if you ever got your hands on my toned, tanned Italian body.
Email me at: ramses37@latinmail.com (feel free to write in English,
Italian, Spanish, or Portuguese)

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Fri, 26 Jul 2002 15:42:43 -0400
From: Massimiliano Leonardi
Subject: Gangbanged for the First Time

GANGBANGED FOR THE FIRST TIME

(This is a true story.)

	Hi boys, my name is Massimo and I am a 19 year old Italian boy.  I
want to tell you about my first experience of being fucked up the ass by a
man.  Well, to tell the truth, it was more than one man, I was gangbanged
against my will.  First let me tell you a little about myself.  I am a good
looking boy with dark hair, dark eyes, and olive skin.  I am fairly tall
and I go to the gym four times a week so I am fairly muscular too.  I have
a very large cock, it's long and thick with big veins running up and down
the shaft.  My foreskin hangs over the edge and I like to play with it a
lot.  Sometimes I go into a caffe and sneak into the restroom and slap it
around a little.  I love sitting on public toilets, just to think that some
big muscualar Italian stud was probably shoving his asscheeks around on it
just before me makes me shoot a load in no time.  I have a girlfriend, most
of us here do since it's considered almost a duty, but her cunt just
doesn't do anything for me.  I much prefer fantasising about a big
stallion's beefsteak slithering down my throat and up my boy pussy.  But
until last week that was all just a fantasy, just something that I would
dream about while banging the shit out of my girlfriend's nasty beaver.

	But last week this all changed.  Here were I live in Italy, there
is an American naval base and sometimes if I don't have anything else to do
I stroll over to see what going on.  Now and then I see a big American
sailor who turns me on, watching their asses nearly squeezing out of their
tight, tight pants.  I speak English all right, so I talk to them
sometimes, offer them a cigarettes, small talk, just to be able to get
close enough to them so that I can smell them.  I love the scent of
American men, they have a nice musky odour, and it always makes me want to
just strip their shirts off and stuff my pretty face in those hairy armpits
of theirs.  Oh, and when I think of the smell reeking out of their sweaty
jocks, I just want to get down on my knees and lick their hairy asscracks.

	Anyway, last week I was on my usual cruising in the local village
down by the base.  It was a nice day and their was plenty of grade A,
all-American beef lurking around in their uniforms.  At one point I sat
down by a group of sailors who were lying on the grass drinking beers.  I
tried not to be too obvious that I was checking them out, but I couldn't
keep my eyes off of those pouches bulging out between their thighs, just
the thought of what those cocks looked like made me horny and soon their
was growth under my own jeans.  Just when I thought I was about to shoot my
load, one of the sailors stood up and unzipped his fly!  Yes!, I thought, I
was gonna get a glimpse of that meat.  There he was, standing just aways
from the others, and suddenly he yanked his cock out of his jock and the
next thing I knew there was a stream of piss falling from his luscious tool
to the green grass below.  With all of that beer that he had drank he stood
there for a good while, until finally the last few drops sputtered out.  He
went back to sit down with his buddies, most of whom were stratching their
crotches, probably needing to piss as well.  But as for me, I was off to
the nearby public toilet.  Their was a load building in my hairy balls,
just yearning to shoot across the room.

	I got into the public restroom and immediately made for the stall
in the corner (one which I know very well!)  Within a second my jeans and
bikini briefs were down around my knees and I started fingering my tight
ass hole.  I spat into the palm of my hand and started stroking up and down
along my entire nine and a half inches.  The precum was already oozing out
of the tip of my monster and dribbling down the side of my foreskin.  I
tasted a little just to get the juices going.  All of a sudden I heard a
door open, and I could hear that someone had entered the restroom.  The
thought of a nice thick cock pissing next door to me made me even hornier.
Then, voices - in English!  It must be the sailors!, I thought.  Just when
my imagination started to take me towards the climax of ecstasy, there was
a pounding on my stall door, and suddenly the door swang open.  There in
front of me was the big American sailorboy whom I had just watched piss!
And there I was with my pants around my ankles and my throbbing boner
staring back at him!

	"Hey boys, come over here a second," he said in his southern
American accent.  "Look what we got ourselves here.  A nice little Italian
guido boy beatin' off.  I told you he was lookin' at us."  I didn't know
what to do, there was soon a group of five big, hunky American sailors
huddled around the door of the stall, and there I was caught red handed.
"d'you like watchin' me piss out there boy?  Huh?  You like lookin' at my
big dick?  I bet you'd like to know how it tastes, right?"  Did I ever, so
without a minute's delay, I got down on my knees and withing a minute I was
.

(to be continued)

If you liked this story, please let me know.  I like exchanging stories and
fantasies with other guys from around the world.  Please email me (hot,
erotic pictures of yourself are always welcome) and tell me what you'd like
to do with me if you ever got your hands on my toned, tanned Italian body.
Email me at: ramses37@latinmail.com