Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Thu, 11 Jun 2009 16:22:39 -0700
From: Eden AI
Subject: 'Marine Daddy Mark 04' {eden_ai} ( M MM anal bd con exhib rom sm  spank voy bear cbt cheat fist hirs _humil rough slow toys va ) [4!9-]

'Marine Daddy Mark 04' {eden_ai} ( M MM anal bd con exhib rom sm

spank voy bear cbt cheat fist hirs _humil rough slow toys va ) [4!9-]

-----Please email your feedback to eden_ai@hotmail.com

-----Thanks to Thomas for helping as my editor.

-----This story is fantasy and involves mature themes.

**********

Ch 9 Unknown Entries - Unknown Drill Instructor

**********

	The recruits outside were all sleeping except night watch. The
guard made the usual greeting, cut off by my telling him to "Shut Up!"
Walking into the Duty Hut, I could smell that Gonzales had been
drinking. As long as no commanding officers were around there wouldn't be
any problem. Coming around the corner I saw Gonzales sitting on the bottom
rack slumped over, the half finished bottle of Jose-Cuervo between his
knees. Not being acknowledged I greeted Gonzales, "Hey Bitch," he responded
by taking another swig of alcohol.

	"What's wrong now?"

	"She kicked me out?"

	"When?" I asked sitting behind one of the desks.

	"Last night."

	"You got somewhere to go?"

	"Mark's letting me stay with him."

	"What happened?"

	"She figured out the password to my e-mail." He said taking another
swig of the bottle.

	"Well what the fuck did you think would happen?"

	"I don't fucking know." Gonzales yelled at me before turning back
to face the floor. He kept adjusting himself and I knew he wanted a
quickie.

	He took another swig from the bottle as I looked him
over. Gonzales's T-shirt barely contained his chest. It also wasn't tucked
in and the fly oh his pants hung open exposing his bulging jock strap. The
material was wet with piss stains, testifying to the alcohol already
consumed this evening. Gonzales wasn't wearing his boots and instead was
wearing his shower flip flops instead.

	Gonzales pretended not to notice me checking him out as he finished
the bottle. The room remained silent for several minutes. It occurred to me
that Gonzales always turned into such a slut when he drank. The thought
made me smile.

	"What?" Gonzales asked offended at my unexplained happiness.

	"You've sweat through your shirt, let's get you cleaned up."

	With this I led Gonzales into the Duty Hut's bathroom. His body was
heavy and unstable from the alcohol. As we stopped so I could undress
myself, Gonzales fell against me kissing me he sucked the air from my
mouth. I rubbed his huge chest, "You want it don't you boy."

	"Yes, Sir," my slut whispered in my ear.

	We pulled off my blouse and we removed our shirts. Bare chests
pressed against one another we made out. His tan skin was sticky with
alcohol sweat against my own pale skin. Gonzales dropped to his knees and
started fumbling with my belt and fly. As he worked to free my cock I
rubbed his broad back with my hands. The jingling of my belt gave way to
Gonzales ripping open my fly. He started suckling the bulge beneath my
white briefs.

	"Get my boots off." I said.

	Gonzales complied untying and loosening the laces. While I leaned
back against the wall he pulled off my boots and pants, I stepped into my
flip flops I'd had in my cargo pocket. "Time for yours!"

	Gonzales sat down as I pulled off his pants leaving his jockstrap
on. Both of us still in our underwear I pulled Gonzales up into the shower
stall. Turning on the water I watched Gonzales's nipples turn rock hard
from the fresh cold water. Taking up a position behind him I started
grinding against his ass squeezing his nipples as the water slowly warmed
up.

	"Fuck me." Gonzales whispered.

	"I'll fuck you when I'm good and ready." I answered snapping his
wet jock strap against his ass.

	The water was nice and hot now so I started lathering us
up. Starting with Gonzales's bald head I lathered down his neck and
chest. Then I moved him back under the water rinsing him off. He was acting
like his usual whore self and kept pushing his fat muscular ass against my
crotch. The whole time mumbling his slut fantasies to me. Trying not to get
too excited I washed his armpits then his arms before starting on his
back. Gonzales leaned his chest against the wall arching his back to push
his ass out even more. His back was beautiful and with his back arched I
could see his pink pussy hole.

	"Play with yourself." I ordered. He used both hands to really
spread his ass then started to finger himself. "Yeah that's it fuck
yourself with your middle finger." The bitch complied finger fucking
himself, he started to moaning in his best effort to entice me. "What did I
tell you last time?" Gonzales didn't respond but continued to finger
himself against the wall. "What did I tell you needed to happen before I
fucked you whore boy?"

	"Sir you know that's not." Gonzales said interrupted by my grabbing
his nuts.

	"Do you want me to fuck you or not?"

	"Yes Sir."

	"Then what does you pussy need in it?"

	"Slut lube Sir."

	"Did you get yourself a recruit?"

	"Yes Sir."

	"Where is he?" . . .

	Cracking open the duty hut door a recruit was waiting at
attention. He was tall about 6'6" and built bigger than me, wearing the
squad leader arm band.

	"In now!" I Ordered.

	"Aye Aye Sir." The recruit sounded off.

	Shutting the door and making sure it was locked I walked in behind
the recruit pushing him forward. "Stand here."

	"Yes Sir." The recruit answered.

	"Shut up and be quiet! How did Gonzales brief you?"

	"He needed my assistance at 00:30 Sir."

	"Is that all?"

	"Yes Sir"

	I grabbed the recruits' throat and squeezed, "You're going to do
exactly what I say and forget it ever happened because if I hear a whisper
of it I'll kill you."

	"Aye Aye Sir." The recruit yelped.

	"Good, now go fuck him."

 	I pushed the recruit into the bathroom where Gonzales, chest
against the ground ass up, greeted him. At first the recruit turned sheet
white probably thinking it was some sort of set up. Taking his hand in mine
I rubbed it over Gonzales's ass, "Fill him up." The recruit was still pale
as paper and for a second I thought we were in deep shit. Then he started
pulling at his belt and fly, his hands couldn't stroke himself hard fast
enough.

	The recruit had a big cut cock with blond pubes working up the
base. His dick was at least seven inches and about an inch wide as it
neared engorgement. The recruits name tag read Smith and I wondered what
Gonzales had told Smith about this evening. My thought interrupted by
Smith's spiting on Gonzales's hole. It didn't take him long to get hard and
mount up. The recruit forced himself deep into Gonzales in a couple of
seconds. This caused the Marine to let out some moans that only moved the
recruit along faster. Smith started wildly humping at his drill instructor
like a dog mating.

	"Oh you like that don't you Sir?," Smith asked his drill
instructor.

	I slapped the back of the recruit's head, "No one told you to speak
recruit!"

	Smith returned to diligently fucking his drill instructors ass. The
recruit mustn't have liked Gonzales much because Smith was trying his best
to rip open Gonzales. Smith had both arms wrapped together under Gonzales
waist, pulling him with both arms to impale the drill instructor on his
dick. In doing this Smith lifted Gonzales off the ground then dropped the
DI to floor as Smith's dick punched deep inside his drill instructors ass.

	Watching the recruit fuck Gonzales I was stroking my dick still
hidden in my briefs. Watching as Gonzales's half hard dick flopped around,
both of them flush from fucking it was amazing. Then Smith's rhythm
changed, "This recruit's going to cum Sir." Smith reported.

	"Fill him recruit." I said slapping Smith's ass.

	Then Smith grunted as he unloaded in Gonzales's hole. With a few
last humps Smith pulled out with a pop. Gonzales's ass leaked its new
contents down the Marine's crack.

	"Stand there boy!" I said pointing to we're I'd been.

	"Yes Sir." The boy said panting.

 	"Watch your drill instructor's slut ass take it," I said stopping
the escaping flow of cum with my dick. Then I shoved all Smith's cum back
into Gonzales's ass with my cock head. "Stand up soldier." I told
Gonzales. We adjusted ourselves so Gonzales could stand facing the wall my
dick keeping Smith's juices from leaking.

 	Gonzales's ass hole was warm and lubricated from Smith's fresh
load. He had dumped a big one in too as I could barley force it back into
Gonzales fast enough. The recruit watched us his mouth open while he
stroked himself. The feeling of Gonzales's sloppy pussy combined with my
voyeuristic recruit sent a shiver down my spine. Just as I was starting to
get into a good groove, there was arguing outside.

 	"Shit! Button up and see what's going on." I ordered.

	"Aye aye Sir." Smith replied fixing himself.

	Immediately I was back into my uniform and helping the now sloshed
Gonzales into his. Shouting came from outside and I knew there had been a
fight during a change in night watch. With Gonzales now dressed we went out
to fix this stupid bullshit.

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Wed, 8 Apr 2009 13:17:40 -0700
From: Eden AI
Subject: 'Marine Daddy Mark 03' {eden_ai} ( M MM anal bd con exhib rom sm spank voy bear cbt cheat fist hirs _humil rough safe slow toys va ) [3!7-8]

-----Please email your feedback to eden_ai@hotmail.com

-----Thanks to Charlie for helping as my editor.

-----This story is fantasy and involves mature themes.


-----
Note:

Chapter title's are now followed by the name of the character who is
narrating (Adam narrated the first three chapters.)

-----


**********

Ch 7 Sound of Pleasure - Adam

**********

	Mark's slapping Johnson made the line of patrons roar with
approval. Mark escorted Johnson inside leaving me in the hands of the bar's
bouncer. He was way probably a good 6'6 with the build of a World's
Strongest Man contestant. The bouncer grabbed my arm lifting me off my feet
as he carried me like a sea bag into the bar. Despite the bouncers attempt
to remove my arm, my attention was fixed on the strange anticipation of
entering Sinister. I'd known were the bar was, because Mark frequented it,
but never had I desired to go with him. Now it didn't matter what I wanted
as this mindless golem led me to my fate.

	Johnson and I were quickly dragged to the back room of the
bar. Here Mark had already started to tie Johnson to the room's defining
feature; a metal bench embedded into the cement. The bouncer dropped me on
the floor and leaving back to his dais at the front of the bar.

	Next a strong hand clenched the back of my neck. It was Mark's; he
pulled me over to the center of the long back wall. Marks hand leads me up
to a kneeling position facing Johnson's naked body.

	"Sit here boy and drink any man I tell you to!" Mark ordered
tilting my head back his hands pull back my latex hood exposing my
mouth. Mark then left and I could hear Mark mumbling something to Johnson.

	"Yes Sir!" Johnson sounded off.

	After some more mumbling Mark's weight shifted just before Johnson
let out a gasp. My dick shot straight up against my chest. I knew Mark was
playing with Johnson's ripe ass. Johnson started to make the most
unbelievable noises as Mark made his own wet sloppy ones.

	"Boy you're about to be a bitch to twenty guys plus me. I suggest
you let yourself enjoy this while you can. Let that inner whore boy take
over." Mark told to Johnson.

	Mark had tilted my head so I was staring at the ceiling. Without
being told I knew there was a punishment waiting if I looked down at Mark
and Johnson. However, I could imagine Johnson tied to the bench the huge
hairy muscle Marine ripe for the taking. This was a gay man's dream but I
knew that Mark wouldn't let me enjoy it.

	This thought was interrupted by Johnson moaning, not like when his
balls were tortured. No this was the moan a man only made when something
was shoved up his ass, deep gut felt moans. I closed my eyes and focused
all my senses on these wonderful noises; it was all I could do not to look
down at Johnson's being fucked. Then I could hear the sound of someone's
dick getting jacked off. Johnson's moans changed again to those of an
approaching orgasm. Every sound grew louder, faster, and more intense;
building to its crescendo.

	"Cum for me boy!" Mark ordered.

	"Yes Sir!" Johnson screamed.

	The room filled with the Marine's orgasmic moans. Mark's idea of my
torture was for me to hear him fuck Johnson but not partake. It worked; my
tits and dick were hard enough to cut glass. Mixed with the ice cold air my
skin was on fire. Mark spit making more juicy noises with the Marine's ass
before he got up.

	"Now you're ready Boy! . . . Let them in!" Mark announced while
walking over to stand beside me.

	"I didn't tell you to enjoy yourself Boy!" Mark said slapping my
erect cock. I doubled over in pain only to have Mark pull me back to my
kneeling position. "You better catch your breath as these boys need to take
a piss."

	Noticing the sounds of several men bouncing around I tried to relax
but I was too nervous and excited.


**********

Ch 8 Rules and Regulations - Mark

**********



	Looking around at the first ten men I was happy with my
selection. All of them were fully dressed - condoms in hand - just like we
had discussed. Three of the first group's patrons were fellow Marine's from
around the area I'd meet. Another was a fire fighter and then a cop. The
group was rounded out by well behaved bar regulars. There ages ranged from
early twenty to about sixty-five, they were overall the less experienced
group.

	"Here are the ground rules: First, beers are on the house! Just ask
the bouncer and they'll get you the beer of you selection. If you don't
want a beer you can get the hell out. Now as was discussed, you will all
get to fuck our Marine; once with a condom. You'll show me you're dick with
the condom on before you start or you're out of the party. You may come
elsewhere on the Marine besides his pussy hole. His other orifice is at
your full disposal. Spiting, slapping, and humiliation are in. The Main
rule is you fuck the mind out of the Marine - once - with a condom! If you
leave this room for any reason you're done for the evening. Bryan and Dom
will go first and second then the rest of you can work it out."

	With that I motioned for them to start and they couldn't shed their
clothes fast enough, half of them fell over in the process.

	"Were can a brimming Marine take a piss?" asked Bryan already naked
and stroking himself.

	"If you need to piss come see this boy right next to me." I said
slapping Adam's face. "He gets piss only. Don't blow a load or it will be
your last!"

	Smiling I watched as the other men started fondling Johnson's
body. An older bar patron put his dick in Johnson's mouth, grinding his
balls in the Marine's face. While the two other Marine's started to rub
Johnson down occasionally slapping his chest and nipples. To my right Bryan
had cradled Adam's head in his hands before taking a good long piss into
the boy's throat.

	"Here are eight water bowls worth of hydration for you boy." Bryan
announced, moaning as he shook his dick off on Adam's face. "Where'd you
get this one?" Bryan asked.

	"He's mine." I responded.

	Bryan looking somewhat dejected then opened the condom wrapper,
still working up a hard on.

	"Dam its cold." Bryan said.

	"We'll fix that." Another patron said moving over to fluff Bryan.

	While Bryan got warmed up, Dom leaning against the wall watching
Johnson's lubed hole.

       The old guy had gotten a good rhythm going with Johnson now. The
image of this guy standing over Johnson dipping his dick in and out of this
Marine's throat was priceless.

	"That's it." Bryan said pulling his dick out of the patron's
gob. He put the condom on, "Good to go?"

	"Hit it!" I told him. "Just loosened his cunt for you lubed an
all!"

	This wouldn't take long. Bryan was a young Marine barely out of his
post training school. At twenty he was the youngest and was too much of a
horn dog to last long.

	"Hell yeah!" Bryan replied lifting Johnson's legs then ramming all
six inches of his dick strait into Johnson's hole.

	Johnson's body pulled against the chain letting out a grunt muffled
by the old guy's dick in his throat.

	"Hell, yeah it is!" Bryan shouted pulling all the way out then
ramming himself in again. Johnson letting out another muffled grunt with
each penetration.

	Bryan and the old guy got in a good rhythm. Bryan thrusting forced
Johnson to take the old man's dick, then the old man forcing Johnson back
on Bryans' dick. It was a thing of efficient beauty. This didn't last long
before Bryan's hips took control, humping furiously at Johnson's pussy
hole. At the same time the old man pulled his dick out and started jacking
it over the Marine's face. As if timed both of them blew their wads. The
old man's jizz sprinkled all over Johnson's face. Bryan stood over Johnson
catching his breath with his dick still impaled in the Marine.

	"If I don't pull out does it count as once?" Bryan asked.

	"If you didn't manage your go at the boy, Bryan it's your problem!"

	Bryan apparently found this funny as he started to pump Johnson
again. I signaled the bouncers.
 Bryan was literally pulled out of Johnson as he was lead out of the bar.

	"Anyone else want to give up watching because they want to be a
dick?" I asked, the room fell silent, "Good lets continue."

	"Can I fuck him now?" asked Dom. He already had the condom on so I
nodded. Dom straddled Johnson on the bench, placing the tip of his cock
against the Marine's hole. "Ready for all this?"

	"Yes Sir." Johnson replied without looking at Dom.

	Johnson might regret that statement. Dom was almost as young as
Bryan at twenty-one. However, Dom was far more the swinger at a good ten
inches of black meat.


	"We're going to take this slow boy." Dom said pumping just the head
of his dick into Johnson.

	Hearing Dom call Johnson "boy" almost made me laugh. Dom did go
slow the slight pumping of his hips teasing Johnson's hole with the tip of
Dom's cock. Slowly Dom pumped further into the Marine. The others stood
around jacking and watching, no one interrupted Dom. We all stood around
watching.

	As Dom opened up Johnson, Adam continued to be used as a
urinal. Both the older guy the cop and fireman seemed to need to take a
piss again every minute and a half. This rotation nearly ended when one of
the bar regulars dipped there hard cock in Adam's throat. I'd been starring
at Dom work over Johnson so I only noticed when Adam yelped. The ass hole
slapped Adam, then I punched him, and then the bouncer beat the crap out of
him in the other room before throwing him out. For a few moments after that
I rubbed the back of Adam's head to calm him down. "You alright boy?"

	"Yes Sir." Adam said quietly.

	I continued to pet Adam's head while watching Johnson continued to
get plowed. Johnson moaned as Dom pushed all the way into him. Johnson's
pussy was fresh and resilient it would be tested as never before by Dom.
Johnson's moans made my nipples hurt as Dom set into him. Everyone there
dropped a load on Johnson, cum running down and dripping onto the
floor. Johnson's body glistened in sweat as profanity started spilling out
of his mouth; Johnson's face grew cheery red. Dom was fucking him like a
well oiled machine now. Smack, Smack, Smack Dom's balls sounded out as he
fucked Johnson's pussy. Johnson's eyes rolled back into his head as cum
erupted from his dick covering his stomach. Dom's body flinching as he too
erupted into the condom.

       After resting for a second Dom pulled out and stroked every drop of
seed into the condom. Then he pulled the condom off admiring how he'd
filled it. Moving to sit on Johnson's chest Dom dipped the condom down
Johnson's gasping throat. He kicked and gagged as Dom smiled.

	"*Mmm*," Was all I had to say.

Dom knew that was the end of that. Turning the condom around Dom squeezed
the contents into Johnson's still gasping mouth.

	"Drink up boy!" Dom said happy with himself.

	Johnson without much other choice swallowed the load of cum into
his gut. Dom got up and left for the bar after that most content with
himself. At first I wondered why he left but it became apparent. The rest
of the guys went but none of them lasted more than a few minutes. They were
all like jack rabbits who couldn't get in fast enough. The fireman and
police man both lasted about ten minutes but even then they just mindlessly
humped the boy. I guess they were trying to hump Johnson fast enough to
fuck him better than Dom but no one came close.

	The group finished and all of them used Adam as there urinal
again. Then they left to the bar for a beer bitching about how they only
got to go once. They were like kids at a carnival, to eager and excited to
appreciate anything while they were there and pathetic as hell when they
had to leave. Hopefully the next group would be better.

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Sun, 11 Jan 2009 22:09:25 -0800
From: Eden AI
Subject: 'Marine Daddy Mark 02' {eden_ai} ( M MM anal bd con exhib rom sm
spank voy bear cbt cheat fist hirs _humil rough safe slow toys va ) [2!4-6]

'Marine Daddy Mark 02' {eden_ai} ( M MM anal bd con exhib rom sm spank voy
bear cbt cheat fist hirs _humil rough safe slow toys va ) [2!4-6]


-----Please email your feedback to eden_ai@hotmail.com

-----Thanks to Charlie for helping as my editor. Thanks to those that have
resoponded and my appologies for taking so long on the second section.

-----This story is fantasy and involves mature themes.


----- Note:

Chapter title's are now followed by the name of the character who is
narrating (Adam narrated the first three chapters.)

-----


**********

Ch 4 Pain Grants Pleasure - Adam

**********

	It was now just after eleven in the evening. Mark and I had
finnished watching the football game. The T.V. and the house lights were
turned off after the game. I hadn't knoticed who was playing my attantion
was fixed on Johnson's muffled cries. We sat in silence listening to his
muffled pleadings, beging Mark to stop the crop machin. Mark sat in silece,
naked on couch. About twentie minues after the game was over the tapping of
the machen suddenly stoped.

	"Ok, boy." Mark said grabing the back of my neck. "Stay here and
don't touch the bitch." Mark ordered "I've got to get a room ready."

	The door to the basment closed as Mark finnished. I was guessing
Mark had meant the basement. There kneeling next to the sofa I could just
make out Johnson just a few feet infront of me. I couldn't really see him
but I could still hear his wimpering. The initail pain and adrenalin was
waring off, giving way to the pain of Johnson's swallen sack. Against
Mark's direction, I decided to check on Johnson.

	First placing my ear against the door, Mark was talking but I
couln't make anything out. There would be a few moments before he finnished
so I moved over to Johnson. Placing my hand on his back I could feel his
body shivering. The drill instructors body covered in a layer of sweat,
every muscle shimered in the dim light. Curling over the Marine I huged his
broad sholders, his cold body felt like ice against my chest. We stayed
kneeled together for several minutes. My hands slid down from Johnson's
shoulders and travled his equaly icy chest. Rubbing back and forth I
russled the hair on Johnson's pecs. With two fingers I started to masage
his niples untill they felt warm to the toutch. We had just enough time
together for Johnson to stop shivering before I heard Mark assending the
stairs.

	Sliding across the floor so I wouldn't be noticed I moved back to
my position by the sofa. Mark slamed open the door open its handle busting
a hole in the dry wall. There was a look of earger proud excitment on his
face. Mark had gone down stairs naked and came back from the basment
looking ready for Folsom Street Fair. His exposed uperbody clad in a
leather harness an "x" acros his chest and back. Mark was also wearing
Marine Corpse desert trousers and boots. The trousers button up fly lay
open exposing a budgling leather pouch. The knowledge that this was or had
been my Senior Drill Instructor felt both weird and exciting to me.

	"You ready for the rest of your punishment boy?" Mark growled at
Johnson.

	Johnson tried to give a response to Mark's question but it was only
a mumble through his gag. Mark laughed at the Marine's attempet, walking
behind him Mark studied Johnson's sack.

	With the light from the basement I could see the result of crop 400
hits. Johnson's ball sack had become engorged to nearly four times it's
typical size. The Marine's scrotum strined full at the size of a soft
ball. Johnson's genitals had turned a violet red from the amount of blood
traped there. The soldiers sack would remain this way as the chain
confining him also wrapped around the bass of his cock and balls.

	Mark kneelt down behind the Marine, his hands cuping Johnson's
engorged balloon balls. The Senior Drill instructor then took two fingers
and taped the green belt's balls. Johnson screemed so load that even
through the gag I thought a neighbors would hear.

	"You like that boy?" Mark whispered in Johnson's ear, fondling the
Marines balls.

	"Woof--Woof!" Johnson replied.

	A huge grin came across Mark's face. His hand released Johnson's
bloated manhood.

	"That's a good boy." Mark said rustling Johnson's buzz cut. "Maybe
we will think before we say something about our Senior Drill Instructor in
front of the platoon next time?"

	Mark then removed the chain that had been suffocating Johnson's
balls. Johnson rolled over on his back spreading his legs to let the blood
circulation out of his sack. Mark didn't stop him but continued to free
Johnson by removing the chain from his shackles. Johnson lay spread out on
the cold tile entryway, quietly whimpering as he composed himself. Mark
leaned over Johnson looking down into the Marine's big brown eyes.

	"Would you like to be able to breath better?" Mark asked twisting
Johnson's nipples.

	"Woof!" Johnson replied grimacing.

	Mark untied the socks then removed Johnson's pissed stained
underwear from the Marine's mouth. Johnson took in a shaky gasp of
air. Mark stood up, leaning against the front door watching his Drill
Instructor recoop. After a few moments Johnson was breathing regularly
again and Mark just stood there watching and waiting.


**********

Ch 5 My Boys - Mark

**********


	Staring at Johnson's naked body I would have loved to blow my wad
all over that Marine. Then I reminded myself that couldn't give him that
kind of attention until after his punishment. Then I remembered Adam still
kneeling by the couch watching us.

	"I nearly forgot you were here boy." I said.

	Truth was I had been imagining the scene that was about to unfold
with Johnson all night. His punnishment was reasonably well planed out but
Adam playing was unexpected. The talk we had sort of just happend and now
here he was waiting for my attention.

	Leaving Johnson I walked over to him kneeling patiently. His thin
frame seemed particularly small kneeling down in the dim room. Adam was
5'10" and 150 pounds, his body covered in a thin layer of brown hair. Adam
was a bear cub starter kit. Compared to Johnson, Gonzales, and me he seemed
frail like a doll. That however couldn't be further from the truth as he
came from a wrestling family, played water polo in high school, and did
join the Marine Corps. Even if he didn't get far.

	Standing in front of Adam I pushed my bulge into his face. Adam
leaned in a started licking my leather package. Again I had to fight off
the urges to fuck him right there. I pushed Adam head away from my cock,
his big brown eye's looked up at me. Adam's mouth open begging to be filled
by my seed again.

	"Well boy I was going to wait until we got to the bar but I think
I'll feed you now." I said pulling my half hard dick out and pressing its
head against the boy's tounge. The boy tried to close his mouth to suck me
but I stopped him. "Ah..ah..ah, not cream boy. Now open up so I can fill
you." I ordered.

	Adam opened his mouth wide and I let let my blader go I poured my
hot piss in Adam's throat. I could see the moment of shock in the boy's
eyes but he swallowed anyway. From my vantage point I could see his throat
open and close as he gulped down my piss. It was making me hard seeing him
like this, I'd never messed around with recruits not even former ones. Not
able to recall how many beers I'd had I found I couldn't seem to stop
pissing. The feeling of the rush of flud inside my now rock had dick made
me braced myself against the boy. Watching the clock I pissed into Adam's
mouth for the next minute and a half. Flexing out the last few squirts the
boy sucked my dick clean.

	"Fuck boy you know just what to do don't you." I said slapping his
face playfully as I pulled my dick from his lips with a pop.

	Adam's most attractive feature was being prim and proper in public
but in private he was a sexual creature. I'd met some of his family and it
was definitely the Portorican side that held this gene. The problem was
Adam knew this about himself. He didn't trust others to be in control of
him. That was until tonight, things still needed to go slow, but it
appeared I'd convinced him to trust me.

	Looking at the clock it was still early but I decided that if I
didn't take them to the bar now. Rather than loose control myself and
finish off both of the boys myself.

	"STAY!" I ordered pointing to both Johnson and Adam.

	Then I ran back down stairs and grabbed two latex hoods and two
beers. Returning up stairs they handn't moved.

	"On your feet both of you!" I ordered Opening the bottles of beer I
handed one to them both. "Drink boys!" I told them and they complied
quickly gulping down the liquid. "Here is what will happen! I need to break
in both of you boys, so we're going on a field trip. Out front now!"


**********

Ch 06 The Field Trip - Johnson

**********

	Mark didn't tell us were we were going but I knew it was
Sinister. When Mark opened the door the cold night's air against my exposed
sack nearly knocked me over.

	"Move boy!" Mark ordered.

	Being pushed forward by Mark I went out onto the porch then down
the steps toward the car. Through the latex I could make out basic shapes
well enough and staggered over to Mark's hard top Jeep. Adam was shoved up
against me and we both fell against the Jeep door.

	"In the back hatch!" Mark shouted.

	Adam and I moved quickly to the back were Mark pushed us into the
Jeep like luggage. Mark closing the hatch, moving to the diver's seat, and
starting the Jeep.

	"You boys don't talk or touch each other got it!" Mark ordered.

	"Yes Sir!" We both replied.

	Technically there was no possible way for us not to be touching. In
fact we barely fit in the space and rolled into each other. Adam didn't
need to say anything his face showed that he knew where we were
going. Somehow, even though I knew I'd have it harder, I felt for him. We
locked eyes for just a second and then I felt Adam shift folding himself
even smaller so I had room. Apparently the weirdness from this afternoon
was gone.

	It was maybe a fifteen minute ride to the bar, the Jeep was silent
the whole way. Then there was the sound of the gravel parking lot ground
beneath us and the car came to a stop. Mark got out of the car and was
immediately met by someone. My figuring was that Mark had spent the time in
the basement calling everyone he knew. Two fuckboys, one being a Marine
Drill Instructor, would probably bring in the masses. That thought in mind
I could here two more cars pull up as Mark was talking. Loud greetings and
footsteps, six people in one car, and two coming from the other. It was
definitely going to be a full house tonight.

	Then I could hear footsteps come up to the back of the Jeep, they
were wearing cowboy boots. The hatch opened Adam and I shot a glance at
each other.

	"Follow me!" The bouncer ordered.

	With that Adam and I got out of the Jeep, greeted immediately by
the cat calls of our adoring public. The Bouncer led us up to the bar,
there was a fucking line of admission. "Pour choice of words," I thought to
myself. This bar was free to get into usually but I guess we deserved a
cover fee. Then Mark appeared coming out of the front door apparently
having made his deal.

	"Stop looking around!" Mark shouted slapping me across the face,
this got a roar of approval.

	Mark pulled me into the bar, the bouncer tugging Adam. The main
room was a long wood bar on one side with stools and four booths on the
other, this led through an open door way to what was essentially the
bathroom. Two sinks at either end, a row of open stalls, and a wall of four
urinals where there were once eight. This room then led to a shower room
connected to a changing room that lead back into the bathroom.


(Sinister)

|----------|----------| | s s s | | |s s | |----| | | s s | |
--------------- | |_ | T | T | T |T _| |_ _| | U U U U | |
------------------| | | | | | | | | | ----------------| | | Bar | |
|---------------------|



	We were both yanked into the changing room, essentially an empty
cement room with a drain and metal bench in the middle. On the way in we
had only passed the bar tender. I'd say it was around 9:30 so no one would
really be out yet anyhow.

	"Boy!" Mark shouted, snapping me to reality. "Lay down on your
back!"

	Mark motioned to the metal bench and I laid down. The metal was
freezing cold against my naked skin and made me realized how cold I
was. Still I tried not to show any sign of discomfort, the bastards. Mark
then pulled on both of my arms putting them above my head so my shackles
were by the bar holding up the bench. Mark chained me to the bar and to
make sure I didn't move continued the chain over my shoulders then around
my wast.

	"Wait here boy!" Mark said. There was some rustling as apparently
Mark made Adam sit up.

	"Sit here boy and drink any man I tell you to!" Mark ordered from
just outside of my peripheral view.

	That settled that question. Then Mark returned to me, straddling my
dick his hands rubbing my hairy chest. Mark's body moved up and down
grinding his covered ass on my man meat. Mark hands then traveled up to my
face lifting my laytex hood over my mouth and nose.  Mark kissed me and we
made out for a couple of moments.

	"Time for you next punishment boy." Mark whispered in my ear. "You
had two twenties in your pocket so two groups of twenty guys are going to
come and fuck you." As Mark finished this his tounge pushed all the way
into my mouth. This made me have to swallow our spit to stop from
gagging. Then Mark's tongue retreated. "Think you can take it boy?"

	"Yes, Sir!" I sounded off. Knowing that was what he wanted to hear
even if I wasn't' sure.

	"You ever been gang raped before Boy?" Mark asked.

	"No, S-ir!" I replied my voice cracked;dam it.

	 Mark leaned back far enough for me to see him smile.

	"We will just have to pace you boy." Mark said laughing to himself.

	Mark now slid down between my legs, lifting my feet up to better
expose my ass hole. Then for the first time in my life I felt a tounge
touch my anus. Before I could catch myself I let out a moan as Mark's
tounge tried to push inside of me.  Mark's spiting, slurping, and lapping
at my butt hole made my whole body electric. Then his tongue slipped just
inside of me. Then it withdrew and two fingers with what felt like crisco
were shove in my hole. Grunting to bear the presure I tried to control
myself.

	"Boy you're about to be a bitch to forty guys plus me. I suggest
you let yourself enjoy this while you can. Let that inner whore boy take
over." Mark said his fingers working the lube inside me.

	Marks pushing against my sphincter wall actually made me lose a
form of consciousness. All I could feel, all I could see were his fingers
inside of me. The room's lights, my arms, and the cold all faded away.

	Just as my first ring had done, my second ring opened for Mark's
passage. Mark's fingers starting to make fine circles inside me. Mark moved
his fingers around the walls of my shoot until I gasped. I've heard of an
A-Spot before but never thought about it, I knew that Mark had found
mine. There was the slightly horrifying realization that Mark was
masturbating me via my man pussy and I liked it. Clenching my jaw I tried
not to let out any audible moans for the hungry wolves. This was futile
when Mark's other hand started pumping my shaft, putting my legs on his
shoulders. A minute of this and I was moaning openly to Mark's fingers
truly fucking me. My hips lost control of themselves helping Mark's fingers
masturbate me. Mark even leaned over and sucked on my abdomen, it wasn't
long until I was ready to burst.

	"Cum for daddy boy!" Mark ordered.

	"Oh God!" I moaned, Mark's hand now fucking me furiously I couldn't
take it. My hips thrust up and I shot a huge load all over myself. Laying
there Mark pumped every bead of jiz from my dick. Then Mark sucked all my
cum into his mouth, it felt so good I trembled as if electrically
shocked. Mark spit my jiz on out on my ass hole pushing it in with his
fingers. God I was in ecstasy.

	"Now you're ready Boy!" Mark announced. "Let them in!"

---

Untitled (Chapter 4)

Date: Sun, 9 Nov 2008 14:58:01 -0800
From: Eden AI
Subject: 'Marine Daddy Mark #01' {eden_ai} ( M MM anal bd con exhib rom sm spank voy bear cbt cheat fist hirs _humil rough safe slow toys va ) [1!1-3]

	This is story is a re-posting of the original chapter and the
addition of the next two. Please email your feedback to eden_ai@hotmail.com

	Thanks to Charlie for helping as my editor.

	This story is fantasy and involves mature themes.


**********

Ch 1: Marines Need Love Like Everything Does

**********

	Out popped the young Marine that Mark was playing with, fully
dressed now, he was off to report for duty at the depot. Mark as usual
swaggered out in his own uniform, fondling the young Sergeant and growling
in his ear. Trying not to pay too much attention I continued packing Mark's
lunch. Just as I finished the door shut.

	"Hey, babe what's for lunch?" Mark held his stomach as if he were
starving.

	"BLT sandwiches with hard boiled eggs." I replied.

	Mark growled in my ear only for him to receive a playful jab from
my elbow.

	"Hey, I was just wondering where's mine." Mark pouted and I handed
him the bag, receiving a kiss goodbye. "I'll be back tomorrow evening, you
know the usual." Without another word he left for work.

	I looked up at the time it was just after 10:30 on Saturday. For
all intents and purposes I had the house for the weekend. Technically I
rent out the loft apartment in back.  But Mark is a drill instructor and
has to spend most of his time with the recruits on base. Because of this
I've been helping out by keeping the house clean. In fact the first
official order of business for the day was to go clean the basement after
Mark's play session.

	Walking down the stairs I could tell Mark's session with the
Sergeant mustn't have been vary long. The basement was a large open room
with: a bed in the middle, an open bathroom in the far corner, a washer and
dryer beneath the stairs. Next to those was the basement fridge and a long
row of cabinets, most of which were locked with contents unknown to me. The
bed in the center of the room was covered in a variety of liquids. The
liquid had the strong smell of piss and sweat, it would need to be hosed
down and sanitized.

The bathroom was in better shape than usual. The tub hadn't been used, the
shower only appeared to have served it's intended purpose.  The toilet was
clean, probably attesting to the mess on the bed.  Finally I came to the
sink. It was clean as was the mirror but a tooth brush with the name
"Johnson" was sitting on the sink's edge. This probably meant I would be
seeing more of Sergeant Johnson. Placing the Sergeant's tooth brush in the
UV cleaner. After that I took the hose from next to the washer and hosed
down the room, then I sprayed down the bed and bathroom with sanitizer. In
all it took less than an hour.

	Making my way back to the kitchen the phone rang.  I let the
machine pick up and the usual message was played.  "Hi, this is Mark
Garrison. I'm not home now, leave me a message ... if I know you try my
cell." **Beep**

	"Hey babe, a friend of mine you haven't meet before is coming by
the house in about an hour. He needs a place to crash because his wife's
being a bitch. He may be staying a while. Try to make him comfortable."

	With that the message ended; this was going to be interesting. It
was unusual for Mark to send someone over who I'd not meet without more
instructions. Sure Mark called me babe and we played couple but we most
certainly weren't. Before I moved to San Diego to become an artist I had
the bright idea to join the Marine Corps. It didn't work out but while
there I meet my Senior Drill Instructor Staff Sergeant Garrison, who I now
know as Mark. It seems more than a little ironic that I would now live with
the man.

	Either way I had to prepare the house for whoever was coming,
whatever he was expecting. First I went to the spare bedroom on the second
floor and checked to make sure no toys had made there way into the
room. This room's entire purpose was to house Marines that weren't here to
play. I changed the sheets, then made my way down to the basement to wash
the old one's. While here I removed Johnson's toothbrush from the UV
cleaner and put it in it's place alphabetically in the toothbrush
rack. Then I went to check on the bathrooms and general living area all of
which were clean from yesterday. The pillows on the couches hadn't been
bothered, apparently Johnson hadn't didn't sit down before moving to the
basement. Most importantly, I checked the kitchen, today was shopping day
so the need for food wasn't a surprise however the fresh Miller 18 pack of
beer I'd picked up Wednesday was gone. Even for Mark that was unusual for
two days. Probably another testament to how much piss had been on the
bed. Mark had seemed bright eyed this morning so Johnson must have been
fucked up.

	With that I went to the store picking up all the usual (but
double). The amount of food that sustained Mark and I for a week, feeds one
depressed/horny Marine for three days. If Mark and the new guy got to
playing some extra stuff was of course necessary for the occasion, alcohol
namely. This time two cases of the 18 packs of Miller and Jose Cuervo. The
normal store was then followed by the sex store, Mark's stash of condoms in
the basement was out. At this stop I picked up three boxes of condoms and
two cans of oil based lube. I thought about it for a second and told the
cashier to ring me up for double. One of the reasons Mark liked me most was
my sense of intuition about his friends' needs, which, were therefore his
needs.

	Then I rushed home, worried our guest might have arrived earlier
than expected.  Although the store is only five minutes away from the house
I worried about the time. No one was at the house when I pulled up. I
quickly unpacked the car and dropping everything off in the
kitchen. Putting everything away I made sure a case of beer went in the
kitchen and one down in the basement. I also restocked Mark's condoms and
lube, removing the spent packaging. Just as I was finishing putting the
groceries away up stairs there was a knock at the door. When I opened it I
was surprised at seeing two Marines; Sergeant Johnson and another Sergeant,
both in uniform. Gonzales was on the new Marine's name tag.

	"Come in." Was all I could muster.

	Gonzales was a wreck. Johnson was under his arm propping him
up. Helping Johnson, I took up Gonzales' other side and we moved Gonzales
to the coach, where he collapsed into a puddle. Motioning for Johnson to
follow me, we went into the kitchen to talk.

	"What exactly is going on with him?" I whispered.

	"His wife figured out his e-mail password and found his messages to
different guys for anonymous sex and shit. Then she threatened to tell
every Marine within a hundred miles or something." Johnson said.

	"I have a feeling that wouldn't have the desired effect. He isn't
going to try to kill himself or anything is he?"

	"I don't know he is taking it pretty hard. That, and he has a kid
by that bitch!"

	"Oh." I looked down for a second. "That's an unfortunate
situation." After noticing both of them still were wearing drill
instructors' covers, "Should you be wearing that inside?"

	Johnson realized he was still wearing his hat and took it off. Then
he went over to Gonzales and removed his.

	"You want a drink?" Johnson asked Gonzales. Gonzales muttered
something unintelligible and Johnson nodded in my direction. "Get me one
too. I've got to take a piss." He said leaving to the bathroom.

	Getting the beers from the fridge I sat down next to Gonzales
handing him one. When he didn't reach for it I sat it down in front of him
on the coffee table. Gonzales already smelled heavily of alcohol and was in
a sobbing puddle next to me.

	"Can I get you anything?" I asked the Marine.

	"Water, please." Gonzales asked.

	As I was getting up, Johnson came back from the hallway and sat on
the other couch by the unopened beer. I came back with the water and sat
down next to Gonzales. A couple of hours passed with Johnson and me
listening to Gonzales talk about how much he loved her but how he needed to
be fucked. Johnson and I exchanged a look of understanding.

There was nothing to say. All we could do is listen to Gonzales' rant and
occasionally agree with a nod. What felt like a short while later Gonzales
was passed out on the coach from a combination of crying, exhaustion and
beer. It turned out to be past midnight.  Gently I removed Gonzales' blouse
and boots. I spread him out on the coach and put a blanket over
him. Johnson was staring out into no where, more than a little drunk
himself.

	"There's a guest bedroom upstairs if you want to sleep in a bed or
you can stay out here, the other sofa pulls out into a bed."

	 Without a word he started to remove the pillows from the other
sofa and I went to go get some more blankets. When I returned Johnson had
moved the coffee table and pulled out the bed. He was now fumbling to get
his boots off but kept falling over. Untying the laces I helped Johnson get
his boots off, then helped remove his blouse. Johnson looked over at me and
without saying anything grabbed me and pulled me on top of him.

	"Why couldn't I have someone like you to take care of me?"

	"I'm taking care of you now, aren't I?"

	"In the morning, when I can preform, you can help me...?"

	"Shush, just sleep right now big boy."

	And with that Johnson fell asleep still holding me as if I were
hope its self.  My head on his chest listening to his drunken heart beat.
Deciding not to fight it I eventual fell asleep. Tomorrow would be an
amazing day.





**********

Ch 2: Without Trust, There Can Be No Love

**********

	The next morning I was the first to wake up, still tightly confined
in Johnson's arms. Laying against his warm muscular chest I thought about
staying there all day. No one besides Mark had payed me honest attention in
a long time. Not to knock on Mark but we didn't fuck and he tended to be in
a bit of a mood most days from work. We sort of had a relationship, but
didn't. I was probably protecting myself, especially with Mark's desire to
hurt and own his playmates.  Though in some way he already owned
me. Looking up at Johnson I was surprised to see him looking back at me.

	"Hi there sweetness." He said.

	"Hey, how are you doing?" I said looking into his big brown eyes.

	Johnson pushed his groin hard against my abdomen, "Desperate for
some attention!"

	"Lets get some breakfast started first." I said, rubbing Johnson's
chest.

	"Mark said you were a tease." Johnson said, reaching down to adjust
himself.

	"I don't tease." I tried to defend.

	Obviously Mark talked to his Marine friend but somehow I didn't
think I'd be a topic of conversation. Johnson smiled a big stupid grin as
he continued to hump me. I rolled my eyes and slipped out of his
arms. Rolling over to the other couch I checked on Gonzales who was still
snoring up a storm. He wasn't running a temperature but at some point
Gonzales had sweat through his clothes and the blankets on the coach.

	"Did you bring him any extra clothes?" I asked Johnson, he was
still fondling himself.

	"They're out in the car, I'll get them." Johnson said pouting a
little as he got up.

	Johnson left to get the bags from the car as I started gathering
items from the pantry. Just after I started peeling potatoes Johnson came
back in the door.

	"Where do you want these?" He was carrying two huge suitcases, I
was guessing there was more.

	"Up in the guest bedroom, I'll show you."

	"Let's get all the bags in here first."

	We made several trips picking up a few more suitcases and some sea
bags from the truck.  Gonzales certainly planed on staying a long time. We
moved everything up into the second floor bedroom I'd prepared.

	"I hereby dub this room Gonzales' Masturbation Hole. " I announced
dropping the last sea bag on the bed.

	Johnson chuckled.  I caught him looking me over. Johnson was what
I'd call a big boy tall at 6'5" and muscular with a few extra pounds for
added squeeze-ability. His frame easily dwarfed mine and he seemed to like
it.

Deciding to redirect his attention I said "Do you want to help me with
breakfast? Gonzales didn't puke so he'll probably be hungry when he gets
up." With that Johnson nodded and we headed down stairs.

	"What would you like me to do?" asked Johnson as we made our way
back into the kitchen.

	"Peal the rest of those potatoes and then cut them thin for frying,
please."

	Getting out a knife and cutting board, placing them by the
sink. Johnson did as he was asked without further question. Then I returned
to making the rest of breakfast; bacon, eggs, and toast. Standing there I
could feel an awkward sexual tension. Johnson was gorgeous but who knew
what the relationship with him and Mark was or would be.  I decided to
probe and find out.

	"So, how do you know Mark?" I asked.

	"Mark ...? Oh... Staff Sergeant Garrison.  He was just assigned as
the Senior of our platoon. Sargent McCarthy was called back to fleet."

	"But how do you KNOW him?" I said with a devious smile.

	"Oh we ran into each other at a bar last week." Johnson tried to be
vague but I wouldn't let him get away with it.

	"Sinister?" I asked.

	Sinister was a hard core gay S&M bar; I'd never been but Mark
frequented it, especially when none of his other play mates were available.

	"Yeah." Johnson blushed at the unstated admission.

	"Your first time there?"

	"Yeah."

	Johnson was visibly unsettled, starting to shift his weight back
and forth.  I figured the questioning was payback for his dry-humping me
earlier.

	"Then did you enjoy your session yesterday?" I asked, smiling to
myself as I imagined him at my feet in a harness.

	"It was-" Johnson hesitated, I could see he was wondering how much
I knew or if his answer would return to Mark. "I liked it but..." He fell
silent.

	"But?" I pressed him for his answer.

	"It was weird. I haven't fucked with a superior before and never
like that."

	Johnson didn't say it but he had never been used before. That's why
the boy's in the bar flocked to Mark, they wanted him to use them for his
happiness. Johnson had wanted this like the rest. Like the rest, he got
more than he bargained for. However, unlike the civilians this Marine came
back for more.

	"It's OK if you liked it." I felt the need to confide in him.

	Our conversation was cut off by a loan death moan rising up from
the living room, not surprisingly Gonzales sat up grumbling.

	"Where's the bathroom?" Gonzales asked.

	"I got it." Johnson said to me.

	Johnson walked over to help Gonzales up and to the restroom.
Johnson returned to help me finish making breakfast.  Everything was almost
ready, we were just finishing the potatoes. Gonzales had yet to return by
the time we sat everything out and were ready to eat.

	"Do you want to check on him or should I?" I asked Johnson.

	"I'll take care of it." Johnson said walking over to the door;
***BAM***BAM***BAM** "Hurry up you Pansie!"

	"Come sit down!" I said, my ears still ringing.

	Johnson returned beaming a smile and just after he sat down
Gonzales came out. To my surprise Gonzales had been taking a shower and
emerged in only a towel. I could see water droplets he'd missed shimmer as
he moved. He had a golden brown buffed body; natural, hairless and
smooth. His frame was about as tall as me at 5'10" but muck more bulky. The
towel barely fit around Gonzales' butt.  The slit revealing most of his tan
bubble butt as well as his muscular legs. The towel didn't do much to hide
his endowment either. Breaking my gaze for a second I caught Johnson
entranced as well.

	"I'm starving!" Said Gonzales sitting down.

	"I figured. How are you doing?" I asked.

	"Well besides his crying while jacking off to the image of his
ex-wife in the shower." Teased Johnson.

	"Actually I was picturing you're hairy ass, BITCH." Gonzales said
slapping Johnson's rump.

	"Boys don't play with your food!" I said.

	"Yes, mother." They both smiled.

	As would be expected, no conversation took place while we were
eating. Gonzales finished first then stood up.

	 "I've got to get ready, I'm supposed to meet up with Garrison and
the platoon after their run today."

	"Your stuff's up stairs in the guest room. Could you show him?" I
nodded to Johnson.

	"Yeah." Johnson returned the nod and went up stairs with Gonzales.

	Meanwhile I started to clean up from breakfast. Shortly Johnson
came back down and sat on the coach turning on the TV, adjusting his
dick. I decided Johnson was one of those guys that constantly did this in
front of others, I'm sure he liked the attention. Then Gonzales came
whizzing down fully dressed in his desserts, B-lining for the door.

	"Thanks for breakfast! I'll be home tomorrow in the after noon."
With that Gonzales was out the door.

	"Well he seems to have adjusted well." I said to Johnson who was
now entranced in his watching T.V.

	"Yeah." Johnson said smiling. "Looks like you're playing housewife
to three Marines."

	"Fist off I'm the most dangerous house wife you've ever seen and
secondly ..." I found my self at a loss, Mark didn't mention anything about
both of them living here to me. "Wait what's up with you sweetie?"

	"Got tired of living on base housing and Mark said he had the
room. That doesn't that bother you does it?"

	"No, Mark can do as he likes, though we need to discuss some
things."

	"Mark will be home tonight so we all can have that discussion."

	His tone was slightly irritating, although Mark and I weren't
lovers we had gotten into a routine. Two more Marines made for a lot more
work and somehow at the same time I felt pushed out. That and I was also
the only one who didn't work in Mark's platoon and I'm not a Marine. It was
becoming something of a situation for me. Though somehow in the back of my
mind I knew Mark had planed this, it hadn't just happened. We would work
that out latter when Mark returned home.

	For the rest of the day Johnson and I watched television, taking a
break for lunch. The end of the earlier conversation ended most of the
conversation for the rest of the day. Where earlier Johnson had turned me
on now he just seemed like another horny Marine, too sex hungry to be
loyal. My biggest turn off was people I didn't trust. Apparently Johnson
sensed my mood and the room became uneasy as we sat together. Finally the
strange tension was cut by the door opening and Mark walking in.

	"Hey laddies." Mark greeted us.

	"Yeah, fuck you, fat ass!" Johnson said smiling.

	"You better watch it boy, there will be consequences for such
language." Mark said grabbing Johnson and kissing him hard.

	"Hey, Mark." I said in greeting, apparently all I needed to say.

	"Johnson, Adam and I need to have a talk. Can you go wait in the
bedroom upstairs." Mark said his hand rubbing Johnson's back.

	"Sure." Johnson said with a little hesitance.

	"We'll all talk together in a minute but I didn't get to discuss
you two coming here with Adam. It will be just a minute." With that Johnson
nodded and made his way up stairs.

	Mark motioned for me to sit down at the dinning table I did, Mark
sitting next to me.

	"So, what up?" I asked.

	"I'm sorry to drop this all on you without really any notice or
explanation kid." He was talking with a sincerity I'd never heard form
him. "See I need to be honest with you--" Mark started. I knew what he
would say next. "The three of us have been messing around for a while."
Mark said, as if to confessing something that wasn't obvious. Mark
continued "Now Gonzales' wife has some idea he's fucking with guys. It's
just not safe for us to mess around on bass anymore."

	"So now they all live here?"

	"Yeah, I mean the back house is still yours."

	"Then you don't want me in the front house?"

	"No, that's not what I'm saying. I just want you to know you still
have your space. If you want you're cleaning up the house to be more of
your rent, I expect that." He let out a heavy sigh. "I just want you to
know that when you moved in, I said that I trusted you and that I'd protect
you. That still stands."

	For a while we sat in silence. I knew Mark meant what he said but
at the same time, I know Mark. He wanted something and he was hopping this
situation would make that thing happen.

	"What do you really want from me? What do you really want from
this?" I questioned.

	"I don't know how to explain that. I just ask you to trust me."

	This was the root of our problem. I wanted Mark, I knew Mark wanted
me. I just didn't trust him enough to play his game.

	"You'll protect me?" I said, staring Mark down.

	"Yeah."

	"So then I'm supposed to just trust you with this and I'll play
along?"

	"Yeah."

	"I'll trust you, but what I want in return is to be able to set
boundaries and a few ground rules."

	"Adam can't you just Fucking Trust ME?"

	"I want more than Fucking Trust, FOR ALL I KNOW YOU HAVE THE GOD
DAM TATTOO SAYING 'Staff Sergeant Garrison's Fuck Hole' PICKED OUT! YOU
JUST EXPECT ME TO DO EVERYTHING THAT THE OTHERS DO!" I took a second and
tried to breath. "None of them are around anymore and you want to treat me
like I'm just another pig whore from the bar."

	Mark smiled and laughed, I didn't know what to Make of it.

	"Adam," Mark said reaching out and taking a hold of one of my hands
on the table; "I could never make you a pig whore, you're not. You're
special. Now I'm asking you to trust me, I'm not saying I'll be perfect or
wont hurt you, but trust me."

	Mark was at least asking me if I would play along.

	"I'll trust you." I said looking into his piercing blue eyes.

	"That's a boy." Mark said leaning in.

	Then I leaned in and for the first time kissed my Senior Drill
instructor. I'd trust him and this time I'd let him truly lead me. Though I
was still worried if Mark could control himself. Somehow I knew Mark had a
special place picked out for me amongst his new live in family.





**********

Ch 3. With Trust Comes Power

**********

	After that Mark held me for a while before asking; "Are we ready to
talk about the living situation with Johnson?"

	"Yeah." I replied.

 	Mark went up stairs and retrieved Johnson. The three of us sitting
at the dinning room table discussed how things would work. We decided that
Mark, Johnson, and Gonzales would pay for the house and utilities. I would
clean up the place, make food, etcetera. Living arrangements would stay
much the same way: Mark with the master bedroom on the first floor,
Gonzales and Johnson would take the upstairs bedrooms, and I would still
have the back house to myself. The guys volunteered to do the yard
work. With that most of the immediate questions were answered. When we
finished the discussion it was seven and we were all starving.

	We ordered some pizzas and Johnson turned on football. Mark got
some beers from the refrigerator handing one to Johnson and me. When Mark
didn't sit back down but stood staring at Johnson, I knew something was up.

	"How long have you been in those fatigues boy?" Mark asked Johnson.

	"Since yesterday, Sir." Johnson said standing up.

	"Here! Now!" Mark ordered, pointing at the ground in front of him.

	"Yes, Sir!" said Johnson.

	Johnson moved in front of Mark to stand at attention. Mark walked
around Johnson looking up and down the Marine's 6'5" sturdy 250 lb frame.

	"No socks! No boots! Your belts not tight! Shirt's untucked! I know
it's not a black flag day so you should be wearing your blouse!" Mark
roared.

	Johnson's eyes showed a glint of excitement and fear, my
observation interrupted by Mark snapping.

	"Kneel here boy!" Mark commanded pointing at the ground next to
him.

	There was a moment when I hesitated; reminding myself that I just
told Mark I trusted him.

	"Yes, Sir." I said moving to kneel by Mark's side.

	The room filled with nervous excitement I hadn't felt since boot
camp.

	"Boy, strip him to his skivvies! I don't want to hear a word from
you." Mark gave me an order, now talking in his husky drill instructor
voice.

	With that I nodded and grabbed Johnson's belt, with one motion I
both unlatched and removed it.

	"Give his shit here." Mark barked, holding out his hand.

	Handing the belt to Mark I immediately returned to striping
Johnson's body. My hands finding the top of Johnson's fly, I started to
fiddle with the buttons.  Undoing each one caused me to salivate more and
more. I found myself constantly gulping to prevent drooling all over
myself. Finally I got to the last button, electricity flowed through me as
I grabbed hold of Johnson's pants then pulled down them down. First to be
exposed was Johnson's bulging package.  It was covered in white briefs that
were adorned with yellow drops of piss from the last two days. Next
Johnson's muscular hairy legs were exposed, tan and ripped from running in
PT shorts, they stiffened as the rooms air cold air reached the exposed
skin. My eyes locked on Johnson's bulge.  The head of his cock was clearly
defined trough the white fabric.

	"Here!" Mark ordered taking the pants from me.

	Johnson started to step out of the pants but Mark grabbed them too
fast, causing Johnson to fall over, the floor shook as Johnson landed.

	"I didn't tell you to lay down boy! Now stand up pussy!" Mark
yelled.

	Johnson popped back up to his feet, his left side red from smacking
the ground.

	"Wearing a dress and everything aren't you bitch?" Mark said
spitting on Johnson's face. "Get his shirt off!"

	Johnson raised his arms as I lifted the shirt over his head. Mark
grabbed for the shirt as soon as it was over Johnson's head, exposing
Johnson in near full glory. Johnson's body was muscular, with big pecs and
biceps, but lacked the abs of Gonzales. Johnson was hairy. His chest,
stomach, arms, legs, and back were all dusted with hair.

	"Boy! Why do your panties have piss stains?" Mark asked noticing
Johnson's briefs.

	"Sir. this Marine--" Johnson's response was cut off by Mark
slapping him.

	"Boy, you're excuses don't interest me! You are my bitch! Nothing
else!" Mark screamed, "Didn't I show you how to clean yourself!"

	"Yes, you did Sir." said Johnson.

	"You can't keep yourself clean?" Mark was screamed with such force
spit was forming from his mouth.

	"No, Sir." Johnson said.

	Mark slapped Johnson again.

	"You just said I showed you how to be clean boy!" Mark said grabing
Johnson by the throat. "You are just a dirty bitch boy aren't you!" With
this Mark spit on Johnson's face.

	"Yes, Sir." Johnson whimpered.

	"Yes, WHAT?" Mark screamed, this time spitting in Johnson's mouth.

	"Yes, this soldier is just a dirty bitch boy, Sir!" Johnson sounded
off swallowing Mark's spit wad.

	"Chair now!" Mark Ordered to me.

	Running I grabbed a chair from the dinning room. Mark dropped
Johnson's clothes on the coach, then pointed where he wanted the
chair. Placing the chair where commanded, I knelt down beside it as I had
when Mark was standing.

	"Good boy." Mark said patting my head. "Where's my Bitch?" Mark
growled taking Johnson and pulling him down onto his lap. "Make him drink
the beers." Mark directed to me.

	With that I got the three beers off the coffee table and Mark
forced Johnson's head back. I poured the contents of each in Johnson's
waiting mouth. Johnson gulped down the beer as fast as he could but it ran
down both sides of his mouth anyway. Mark ran his finger up the sides of
Johnson's face pushing the spilled contents back into Johnson's open hole
and fucking Johnson's mouth with his fingers.

	"That a good little whore boy!" Mark whispered, his fingers
exploring Johnson's mouth.

	Johnson nodded and mumbled something while starting to rub his ass
against Mark's crotch. The second this started Mark's free hand squeezed
Johnson's dick so hard Johnson groaned, his sturdy frame convulsing in
Marks lap. Mark jammed his finger farther down Johnson's thick throat. This
caused Johnson to start gagging, trying not to puke tears ran down
Johnson's face his body shaking.

	"Never did I tell you to enjoy yourself boy!" Mark whispered.

	Before Johnson could attempt to comply or respond Mark forced him
to roll over. Johnson's furry chest lay across Mark's legs. One of Mark's
hands grabbed the back of Johnson's neck forcing his head down as the other
fondled the Marine's buttock.

	"You need discipline boy!" Mark said squeezing one of Johnson's
globes. "I'm going to teach you." Mark said to Johnson before turning to
me, "You'll help me finish him and then you'll serve me."

	This moment was interrupted by a knock at the door, it was the
pizza delivery guy.

	"Pay!" Mark ordered pushing Johnson off of his lap.

	Without a word Johnson got his wallet and quickly walked to answer
the door.

	"Open it all the way, so he can see you boy." Mark snarled.

	Johnson complied. The pizza delivery guy looked shocked but I
caught him looking over Johnson's body. With that gorgeous muscle bear
standing in front of you anyone would have taken a good look. After getting
paid, the pizza boy took off and Johnson shut the door.

	"On the coffee table, then get back here." Mark directed.

	"Yes, Sir." Johnson said.

	He set the pizzas down, then knelt across Mark's legs as
before. Mark growled as his hands returned to Johnson's back. Mark let his
hands travel Johnson's muscles, moving back and forth along his
spine. Absorbing the beauty of the creature that was Johnson.  He was
determining how he was going to own Johnson's body.

	"How much is there?" Mark asked about the change.

	"Four one dollar bills, two twenties, and 65 cents in change." I
replied.

	Mark growled grabbing a firm hold on the back of Johnson's
neck. Mark raised his giant hand up and brought it down hard on Johnson's
ass, this caused Johnson to groan. Raising the hand again Mark slapped
Johnson's left ass cheek; ready for it this time Johnson flexed his ass so
when Mark's hand hit Johnson only let out a small mumble. Now Mark raised
his arm above his head, only this time Mark's hand didn't hit Johnson's
padded ass but his hanging balls. Johnson screamed obscenities his whole
body convulsed as Mark held him down.

	"You better learn to take your punishment like a man!" Mark said
getting up from the chair pushing Johnson off onto the floor. "Stay right
there boy!"

	Mark motioned for me to follow him into the basement, he went over
to one of the cabinets he kept locked. Next thing I knew we were carrying
something up the stairs.  We put it on the tile in the entrance by the
kitchen.

	"Gag him using his underwear and socks." Mark ordered as he set up
the machine.

	With this I retrieved Johnson's socks that were laying were they
fell the night before. Then I moved over to Johnson's hulking mass laying
on the floor. Seeing Johnson lay there all I wanted was to feel him up but
I knew this wasn't allowed. Settling for feeling Johnson's hips my fingers
curl around his briefs and I pulled off Johnson's underwear. Besides
revealing his hairy ass crack Johnson's cock was freed from its
wrapping. Hanging with his balls draping over his inner leg, Johnson's dick
was still only half hard it had a big cut head that dribbled precum.

	"What the hell are you starring at? Gag that Bitch!" Mark yelled in
his full on drill instructor voice.

	Snapping back to the job at hand, I shoved Johnson's briefs in his
mouth, making sure the spots of piss pressed against his tongue. Then I
knotted the two socks together putting the knot in the back of his neck and
tying the other end to hold the briefs in Johnson's mouth.

	"Help me with these restraints, boy!" Mark ordered to me.

	Looking up to see what Mark was handing me I got a glimpse of the
machine uncovered. It looked like a piece of golf equipment. Instead of a
putter it held a crop. My gaze was broken by Mark grabbing the back of my
neck and squeezing; it must have been a pressure point as it made my legs
spasm and my body went limp.

	"I said help me Boy!" Mark slapped me across the face hard. "Hold
him while I put these on."

	Stunned I fumbled to hold Johnson's ankles while Mark secured the
straps binding the Marine's legs together. Mark pushed Johnson over onto
his knees and elbows. Apparently Johnson got a glimpse of the machine when
he rolled over as he now resisted with a look of terror.

	"Grab him and hold him down!" Mark ordered.

	With this Mark put his boot between Johnson's shoulder blades and
pushed down causing Johnson's weight to rest on his elbows. Grabbing both
Johnson's wrists I then straddled his arms so I could pull them
together. Mark quickly bound Johnson's hands, pushing me out of the way,
Mark dragged the Marine over to the machine. A chain went from the shackles
on Johnson's wrist through the shackles at his ankles pulling his hands
between his knees.  This caused Johnson's face to push into the floor as
his back arched, making his beautiful ass to push high in the air like Mark
wanted. Making sure the chain pulled Johnson into the smallest ball
possible, Mark then wrapped the chain around Johnson's balls. Now Johnson
couldn't pull his head or move his arms without pulling on his ball
sack. Mark continued feeding the chain trough a loop on the machine and was
tying the other end off around the base of Johnson's cock. This prevented
Johnson from moving in any direction without the chain pulling on some part
of his own genitals. Mark then adjusted the crop to be even with Johnson's
balls before setting a few dials. Johnson was already whimpering trying to
get Mark to stop and to my surprise Mark comforted him.

	"It's going to be OK boy. After this you'll be stronger, you'll be
one of my boy's." Mark said this lovingly.

	Marks finger tips lightly stoked the surface of Johnson's ball
sack, then he flipped the switch of the machine.

	The crop raised and fell quickly. The crop let out a soft smack
against Johnson's hairy nut sack, held up tight by the chain. Johnson
flinched which caused everything to pull making the man a moan in pain. In
a moment Johnson realized the crop hadn't yet inflicted any notable pain
and the Marine's body relaxed.

	"You get 400 then the machine is set to stop." Mark said moving
towards me.

	Frightened I stood at attention, Mark took me by the back of the
neck leading me while undoing his belt. Mark's sat down on the sofa facing
the T.V. his hand guiding me to kneel between his legs. Mark pulled one of
the pizza boxes over and grabbed a slice. We sat there for a couple of
minutes as Mark ate the slice of pizza. The slight taping of the machine
was noticeable between plays on the TV. Then, Mark noticed he didn't have a
beer.

	"Get me a beer and then come kneel." Mark Ordered.

	Opening the fridge I got a beer and ran over kneeling between
Mark's legs. Mark opened the beer above my head.

	"You didn't shake it." Mark said smiling at me.

	Mark seemed disappointed that I hadn't shaken the bottle causing
it's contents to soak me. Mark leaned back on the sofa taking a swig of
beer, grabbing his crotch he started playing with himself.  Mark continued
to nurse the beer but his attention wasn't on the game.

	"When you wanted out of training and came out to me in order to do
so, why did you really want out of the Marine Corps?"

	Suddenly it felt like the room was a thousand degrees, I could feel
the blood rushing to my face, all I could do was look away.

	"It was because you had a crush on Sargent Stankus and me didn't
you boy?" Mark asked

	"Yes, Sir." I said ashamed somehow to admit that to him.

	"So you had a crush on your Senior Drill Instructor bossing around
everybody and the Bull Dog Drill Instructor who was PT'ing you
constantly. Ooo Boy!" Mark laughed milling over my situation in his
mind. "You were probably upset that Stankus kept talking about wanting to
own you as he tortured you but he never gave you the satisfaction of
nutting on your face did he Boy?" Mark laughed.


	Pissed off at myself for saying anything kneeling there in front of
this ass hole, I started to stand up. Then Mark slapped me across the face,
grabing me with the other hand and pulling my face into his crotch.

	"Still want me to own you Boy?"

	Any other person and I'd of bit his dick off by now but Mark's
offer was something that I wanted against my better judgment.

	"Yes Sir!" I mumble into Mark's crotch, trying to trust him.

	With this Mark let my head go and started unbuttoning his
blouse. As he finished he let it hang open, exposing the soft green
undershirt that clung to every muscle. Mark looked down at me watching him,
a huge grin came across his face.

	"When you came out to me in the duty hut, you wanted me to make you
prove it didn't you?" Mark asked pulling off his shirt.

	Lifting his shirt, Mark revealed a body was as well defined as
Gonzales but with a thick layer of hair that rippled with his muscles.

	"Yes Sir!" I said in a daze.

	Mark was still smiling apparently he enjoyed the pleasure of
exposing himself to me.

	"Did you look at me in my PT shorts and want to fuck my ass?"

	"Yes Sir."

	Mark bit his lip as his hand slid down under his trousers to play
with himself some more. Mark's other hand brushing the fur on his chest
occasionally twisting a nipple.

	"When you were out, did you want me to pay for having control over
you?"

	"Yes Sir." I said my eyes now fixed on Mark's playing with his
crotch.

	"What did you want me to do in the duty hut?"

	"I wanted you to stay in your chair unbuttoning your fly so you
could pull out your dick. I wanted you to make me prove it by sucking down
your seed." I admitted to him.

	When I looked up Mark had not only removed his boots but unbuttoned
his fly and pulled his dick out. Mark's dick was a bit longer than six
inches and a normal width, cut and hairy. It was a normal dick by most
standards and yet I wanted to feel Mark's more than anyone else.

	"Strip now, nothing fancy." Mark said taking another swig of his
beer.

	Frankly I don't remember striping. I just remember the feeling as
my balls touched the floor while retuning to my position centered in front
of Mark's legs.

	"Ready Baby?"

	"Yes, Sir."

	With this both Mark's hands firmly pushed the back of my head his
hips raising to great me. Pulling me into his enormous cock I took the
precum lubed head into my mouth.

	"Just let my hands drive, try to keep relaxed, and breath through
your nose." Mark directed.

	His hips rose as he pulled his cock into my mouth. Mesmerized I
completely forgot about my surrounding as I tasted his salty sweaty Marine
meat against my tongue. Mark's hands quickly pushed his dick to the back of
my throat, his knees bent over my sholders as if to prevent my escape. Mark
kept a steady pace not going deeper but prepping my gullet for the rest of
his dick.

	"Oh suck me boy!" Mark moaned.

	Juices were running down my chest as Mark's dick tempted me. I let
my tongue curl around his shaft exploring his cut head. The tip of my
tongue playing with the cliff between his head and shaft before mapping out
the vanes in his dick. Mark was panting now and sweating up a storm, his
hips also seemed to be working of their own accord starting to push deeper
into me. I didn't even notice my fucking the side of the coach.

	"I'm gonna fuck your throat boy." Mark moaned barley able to finish
before his arms and hips forced all of him into me.

	Nothing was audible above Marks cursing and moans. I started
choking as his dick filled my mouth and went so deep I couldn't breathe.
Mark was fucking my face like a jack rabbit, his heavy balls weren't
helping as they slapped my throat from the outside. It didn't take long
until the sound of my gagging sent him over the edge. Mark thrust so hard
into me I thought he'd hit my brain, his arms, legs and hips all locked his
manhood into me. Mark's load of sperm flooded my throat and started
spilling out of my mouth. Suddenly I felt my balls explode, I wanted to
moan but couldn't. My throat filled to capacity caused me to vomit. Mark
notice this and with a great trust forcing my head into his groin with all
his might.  I had nothing else to do but swallow my vomit. Just as I was
about to pass out Mark removed his shaft, it popped as he pulled it out of
my mouth. Gasping for air I gagged again, Mark held my mouth again forcing
me to swallow.

	"Good boy! Swallow all of my seed back into your gut." Mark said,
pushing the spilled contents back into mouth, letting me suck down the
juices we'd made. "Yeah that's a good boy." Mark leaned in and kissed me
shoving his tongue in my mouth as if to inspect that I'd finished. "Now go
get yourself a beer and eat up. This was a warm up." Mark said slaping my
ass.

	I sat for a couple of minutes collapsed between Mark's legs gasping
for air. Finally catching my breath I got up retrieving beer from the
fridge as ordered. When I got back to the sofa Mark pointed in front of
himself again.

	"Watch the game, by the time it's done he'll be ready for the rest
of his punishment."

	I completely forgot who Mark was talking about. Then I heard the
growing moans from Johnson. The glowing red numbers on the machine
indicated that he hadn't even received half of the crop hits yet. Johnson
was already crying. I'd completely forgot about him once Mark started
striping. A feeling of complete horror washed over me and I wanted to go
reassure Johnson but Mark sensed this he put his hand on my shoulder.

	"He'll be alright, I know what I'm doing. Now watch the game, eat,
and finish your beer or there will be no desert." Mark said stroking my
head. "We will need our energy for the next round."

	"I don't understand Sir." I said looking at him.

	"I told you I'd protect you boy. All the benefits of your taking
care of me and my men will be revealed in time."

	To exhausted for anything else I did as Mark said. Kneeling in
front of my Senior, we watched the rest of the football game.