Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Wed, 23 Apr 2025 20:22:01 +0100
From: fanara86@yandex.com
Subject: Illicit Encounters II Chapter 2

			ILLICIT ENCOUNTERS
			Part Two
			Ch 2

This story depicts acts which are illegal in some countries. Please do not
read this if you are under 18.

Dan was on his way home from work when a familiar figure sidled up to him.

" Hi, Jed."

"Hi Dan"



"I need to talk to you, Dan. Can we go and have a coffee?"

Dan agreed and Jed led him to a side-street cafe where thhey ordered
drinks.

"You know you sucked me off in the toilets? Well, what's it worth for me
not to tell your wife"

Dan's face blanched . "Er...I dunno....."

"How about you let me have your ass, Dan"

"No way! I'm not queer!"

"So why did you suck my dick?"

Dan spluttered. He couldn't answer.

"It's becos' you like it. I've got a place where we could do it
again. No-one would know unless I tell them."

"Please don't tell my wife...."

"You'll let me have your ass then?"

Dan could see no way out. Reluctantly he agreed.

Jed instucted him to met him on the following day. He was to tell his wife
he was doing overtime.



They met as agreed and Jed led Dan down a back stret and into a disused
factory building. There was a dirty mattress on the floor and an old
settee.  The water hadn't been turned off in the adjacent toilets.

Jed ordered Dan to suck his unwashed cock, then told him to remove his
trousers and briefs and lie belly down on the stained mattress.  " Nice
ass!" Jed exclaimed. Dan kept himself in good shape and his ass was indeed
shapely. Jed pulled Dan's legs apart, then pulled his ass-cheeks open and
swiftly and accurately deposited a gob of spittle on his hole. Then Dan
felt the boy get between his legs and manoevre his stiff young cock into
position. Dan squealed as the 6 inch uncut dong was forced into his
aperture. He begged Jed to stop but the boy continued to force it in until
he was ball-deep in Dan's shit-hole.

"Shit, Dan! You're really tight. Feels good"

Jed lay still for a while before starting to fuck Dan's ass.Slow deep
strokes soon speeded up to short, fast ones. Jed gasped and Dan felt the
first of a further 6 powerful spurts into his virgin rectum. Dan pulled
out.

"There, that wsn't so bad ,was it? Now suck my cock clean!". Dan had to
submit to sucking Jed's last dribbles and his own ass-juice from Jed's
smelly cock.

"Better get cleaned up before you go home!" Jed showed Dan the toilet and
handed him a dirty towel. Dan cleaned up his ass, and rinsed his mouth.

Left alone, Jed laughed to himself. He had already fucked Dan's son. Bobby
and also fucked his wife. Not bad for a 13 year old boy!



Soon Jed increased the meetings to twice a week. On the next occasion he
brought along a Paki boy.

" This is Khaled. He's never tried bum before, so give him a good ride!"

The boy was cute and Dan had no objection to suckinng his cock before the
boy mounted him. This time Dan enjoyed the fuck and gratefully received a
libation of young Pakistani cum.

As the illicit meetings continued Dan was subjected to all sorts of
humiliations. Some of the men who came to fuck him were old and made no
secret of passing money to Jed, who had become his pimp. One wanted to
urinate in his mouth, ajnother wanted his ass tongued. Disgusted at first,
Dan soon became accustomed to such treatment and swalowed piss and ate ass
eagerly. Another guy wanted to spank him. At first the strokes of belt or
paddle were agonising but Dan was gagged with soiled briefs to keep him
quiet.

Jed, meanwhile, had not been neglecting his friend Bobby, Dan's son. He had
fucked Bobby ( see Chapter One) but had not let Bobby fuck him in
return. So when he promised the inexperienced Bobby a piece of as, the boy
accepted eagerly and was told to meet Jed at his den.

Dan was made to wear a hood over his head for the occasion and only his
lower back, ass and thighs were exposed.

 There were slits in the hood for eyes and mouth and Dan was securely
bound and gagged

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Sun, 18 Jan 2015 14:14:31 +0000
From: Fanara lake
Subject: ILLICIT ENCOUNTERS NUMBER TWO

			    ILLICIT ENCOUNTERS
				    TWO
				 By Fanara

This story features under age sex both M/M and M/F. The author does not
condone illegal behaviour but only depicts it.  If your jurisdiction does
not allow you to read this material, please do not do so.

Thr first story in this series appeared in Nifty gay/military on 10/6/2010


The scene is set in Birmingham, England in 1948. It depicts activities
which were and are illegal in the UK. The author does not in any way
condone nor encourage such behavior. If the law in your jurisdiction
forbids the reading of such material, please do not do so.

		*			*			*

I didn't mean it to happen.......honestly I didn't. My son brought home a
new school friend. He was a very attractive boy, dirty blond hair, tough,
stocky build, cheeky grin, confident manner. Many women would find him
attractive...when he got older. For now he was off limits except to girls
his own age.

Jed would often try to flirt with me but I ignored his efforts. And I made
sure I didn't dress or behave in a provocative manner when he was
around. But he must have somehow sensed that I found him attractive.

That afternoon he came round to call for my son. Nothing unusual about that
except that Bobby was late home. And it was quite normal to invite his
friend in to wait.

I was preparing dinner in the kitchen and he sat in there with a drink,
talking to me. I wasn't prepared for what happened next. I was bent over
the kitchen sink when I suddenly felt hands caressing my breasts from
behind.. I froze....then a hard bulge was pushed against my bottom. I
wanted to push him away but I found I couldn't. His touch was so exciting
that my quim started to get moist. Automatically my legs parted slightly.

I felt his hand on my leg. No....this mustn't happen.....but I was
helpless. My legs opened wider, seemingly of their own volition.  The hand
slid up my thigh and touched my wet knickers.....then...oh gosh!...a finger
slid inside and into my quim. I struggled to control myself. "No....No.." I
murmured as I pushed back against his hardness.

He got hold of my knickers and started to pull them down. I was unable to
resist. I wanted him.....I wanted him to take me...but Bobby might come
home any time.

"Quick! Lets go upstairs!". He followed me up the stairs, my knickers at
half mast, groping my vagina from behind. I dragged him into my bedroom and
hastily removed my panties. I opened my legs wide, bending over, my hands
on the bed supporting me. "Quickly......before Bobby comes home." Jed
lifted my skirt revealing my bare posterior to his gaze. Hastily unbuckling
his belt he let his shorts drop to the floor and pulled down his briefs. I
braced myself........his rigid penis probed my slit. I pushed back and it
went in. Jed slid it in all the way. It felt big.........I didn't know boys
that age could be so big down there. He pumped frantically at my quim and
quickly started to ejaculate.  "Please hurry" I begged but I had to wait
while he squirted 8 powerful volleys into me. I heard the door open
downstairs. Jed was still pumping out the last of his spunk into
me. "Hurry!" I urged.

"Mum!" Where are you?" Jed hastily adjusted his dress as I pulled up my
knickers. "Up here, Bobby. Jed is helping me move some furniture in my
bedroom". We were pretending to struggle with the heavy wardrobe when Bobby
burst into the room.

" Hi Mum! Hi, Jed! You need a hand with that?"

" Hi Bobby, We're try to move it so I can vacuum behind it".

 O gosh! We were all pushing at the wardrobe. My son was right beside me,
quite innocent of the fact that his school friend had just slaked his lust
in his mummy. I was so embarrassed.....conscious of the fact that there was
a big pool of spunk in my knickers and it was starting to dribble down my
thighs.

We finished moving the wardrobe and Jed and Bobby went downstairs to start
their homework. Alone at last, I went into the toilet and cleaned myself up
as much as I could. I changed my knickers but Jed's spunk was still
dribbling out of my quim.

Then my husband came home. I had to sit in a pool of cum all through
dinner. I just hoped he wouldn't notice anything unusual. Bedtime came. I
hadn't had a chance to change my knickers again but I managed to throw them
into the laundry basket while he was in the bathroom, and I was in bed by
the time he came back. His hand reached out and caressed by breasts. Oh
dear...he wanted to make love to me....he was bound to notice my vagina
still had traces of Jed's sperm in it......  We kissed and cuddled then he
manoevered me into a 69 position. I sucked him eagerly as he licked my
slit,hoping to distract his attention. He finished gamming me and then
kissed me. I tasted traces of spunk on his lips but he didn't seem to
notice anything unusual. Turning me on my back he mounted me and we made
love.

"Mmmm.....your cunt is so slippery tonight. I love it like that."

He gave me a couple of orgasms then ejaculated. I heaved a mental sigh of
relief.......all the evidence in my vagina was now obliterated. As long as
he didn't inspect my used panties I was safe.  We fell asleep.

But someone else was interested in my dirty panties. In his bedroom Bobby
had inspected the contents of my dirty knickers and now he was using them
to masturbate into. " Guess Dad came home this afternoon and fucked Mum" he
speculated. "Mmm......I love getting hold of them before the spunk
dries. Wish I had a girlfriend...........Jed says he's fucked girls." The
image of his friend naked on top of a girl was too much and Bobby quickly
added his quota to the already spunk- filled panties.

Dad got up and went to the toilet in the night. He looked in the laundry
basket on the way back and picked up a pair of his wife's knickers. "
Wonder if Bobby's been wanking into them again? Yes, he has. Ah
well...that's what boys do........have to do something about getting him
laid."

Jed tried to have sex with me again but I managed to resist his advances,
telling him that I would give him a special present three birthdays from
now. I couldn't prevent him giving me the occasional grope.

So what about my husband, Dan, and Bobby? Bobby showed a pair of my soiled
knickers to Jed during a sleep-over and they both relieved their boyish
lust into them. Subsequently Jed told him to wear the panties and fucked
him between the thighs They both enjoyed this activity and took turns doing
it. Eventually Jed persuaded Bobby to allow him entrance into his anus. It
was a painful experience for Bobby, made worse by the fact that Jed refused
to reciprocate. Bobby had to wait till the following summer to lose his
virginity to a Land Girl on a school agricultural camp. (This was 1946,
remember?)

Dan had had a stressful day at work. On his way home he needed to relieve
himself. He was aware of the reputation of the underground toilets near the
station but it was urgent.......he had to go. At the bottom of the steps he
ignored the urinals with their usual cruising men and locked himself in a
cubicle. With a sigh of relief he eased himself. It was while shaking his
penis he started to read the graffitti scrawled all over the walls and
doors. It produced the usual effect such material, the pornography of those
days, has on a healthy male.......a strong erection. As he was gently
stroking his turgid organ he noticed a piece of paper pushed through a hole
in the wall. Curiosity got the better of caution and he opened it.

" Nice cock"

Dan bent down and peered through the hole. He couldn't see a face but he
could see a hand stroking a penis of fine shape and proportions. The paper
was returned :

"So is yours".

Another note:

"Want to suck it?"

Dan was a married man and faithful to his wife. He had had a couple of
youthful experiences under the influence of alcohol but, having discovered
girls, had never pursued this sort of activity. But tonight......under the
influence of the graffiti and still feeling a bit stressed, for some reason
his usual caution disappeared.

"OK"

The note disappeared to be replaced by a stiff young tool. Dan bent down,
opened his mouth and took it into his mouth, sliding his lips up and down
the shaft. The reaction was very quick as a powerful stream of youthful
spunk shot into his mouth. Dan swallowed and kept on swallowing, hoping
that none would escape and soil his clothes. At the same time he
manipulated his penis and splattered the walls of the cubicle. His
ejaculation brought him to his senses. Whatever was he doing having sex in
a public toilet. He knew he ran the chance of being caught by the police,
publicly shamed, his marriage wrecked and possible imprisonment.

Dan waited a couple of minutes after the door of the adjacent cubicle had
slammed shut behind the boy before he left. He headed for the nearest bar,
realising that he needed to remove the taste of spunk from his mouth before
he got home and kissed his wife. His nerves weren't too good either, and
the sight of a police constable on his beat sent shivers of anxiety through
him. He thought that the boy would have made a quick get-away but Jed, for
that was who it was, had concealed himself in a shop doorway in the hope of
seeing the man who had sucked him.

"Gosh!" he muttered, " I just got sucked by Bobby's Dad!"

Storing away the information for future use, Jed hurried home to his tea.

That Sunday, after church where Dan was a Churchwarden and I was in charge
of the flower arrangements, the family had lunch and settled down to read
the Sunday papers.

"Look at this, Sally! Here is a bit about a woman who got jailed for having
sex with a school-boy. I think she should have got a medal, pity none of
those women was around when I was at school."

"Dan you are disgusting, all you ever think about is sex...."  I hoped Jed
would keep his mouth shut, I knew boys were prone to boast.

Dan's amusement was short lived for he came across another item about a man
caught having sex in a public toilet. A shiver of fear went up his spine.
But surely he was safe .......the boy hadn't seen his face and he would
never visit such a place again.

But Jed had seen Dan's face hadn't he? Not long afterwards the family and
Jed went swimming. Bobby, who was shy, always changed in a cubicle but Dan
and Jed changed in the open area. Surreptitiously, because that's what
males do, each scoped the others tackle. Dan had a shock. Jed's cock looked
very much like the one he had sucked off in the Station Street lavs. His
worries were confirmed when Jed casually fondled his gear while looking Dan
straight in the eye and licking his lips. Oh no! He knew the boy would keep
quiet, the penalties for homosexual behaviour were severe, but would he try
to persuade Dan into another naughty episode? Or he might even try
blackmail....

Dan trembled inwardly....why had he been so foolish......?

So there we have it. Sally and Dan have given way to momentary temptations
which their worried minds are now bitterly regretting. We don't need to
worry about Bobby......but what will Jed do?  Suggestions from my readers
will be welcomed and can be emailed to fanara55@hotmail.com

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Thu, 10 Jun 2010 09:43:41 +0000
From: fanara55@hotmail.com
Subject: Illicit Encounters One

			    ILLICIT ENCOUNTERS

				    ONE


Birmingham, 1949. I was on my first leave after completing eight weeks of
National Service square-bashing, and I was hell-bent on having some fun. I
was wearing my Army uniform, knowing that girls were attracted to it.

I swung off the Number 68 tram at Aston Cross, heading for the
dance-hall. But first I needed a piss so I dived into the underground
toilets conveniently located by the tram stop.  There was no-one else in
there. I stood at a stall and started to unbutton my flies. While I was
engaged in getting my todger out, another lad rattled down the steps. I
glanced at him, about my age, 17 or 18, bomber jacket, large, well-greased
quiff of hair, very tight jeans. He took up position three stalls away from
me, undid his belt and lowered his jeans slightly. This was necessary as
those garments were so tight it was otherwise impossible to extract your
tool. This gave me an enticing, though surreptitious, glimpse of the top of
his arse-crack.

I finished pissing, shook the drops off my cock and gave him a sideways
glance. I could see his arm gently moving in a way that indicated he was
stroking his prick. I got an immediate erection and stroked my own weapon.
By now we were looking openly at each other. He stepped back a little so I
could see his hand working his sizeable organ. I did the same. He gave me a
grin, buttoned up and left. I waited the requisite minute before following
him. Outside I looked around and saw him examining a shop window. I
sauntered slowly towards him. As I approached he walked off and I followed
at a discreet distance. He led me to a row of bomb-damaged houses and
turned into an entry between two of them. We emerged in a yard covered in
bricks and rubble. Climbing through a gap in a wall we entered another yard
and were perfectly secluded.

There was no hugging or kissing, we grabbed each other's groins, unbuttoned
each other and exposed our dicks. After stroking each other, the lad
dropped his jeans and bent over, supporting himself on the partly
demolished wall. Although it was dark, the cheeks of his arse gleamed
whitely. I dropped my uniform trousers, spat on my hand and lubricated my
cock before positioning it against his hole. It wasn't easy to penetrate
him, I had to push hard before I felt his sphincter open and engulf my
cock. After that it was easier and I managed to get deep inside his
rectum. As I fucked him, my hand reached round and wanked his big, thick
organ. I hadn't fucked for several weeks and came quickly, squirting my
pent-up spunk deep inside him. Pulling out, I offered him my own posterior,
my hole already wet and ready. Taking up position behind me, he inserted
his whanger, stretching my young anus to its limits. I braced myself and he
gave me a quick but satisfying fuck.

We stuffed our tools back in our trousers. He left first and I followed
after a discreet interval. We had exchanged no words during this encounter
as was the common practice in those days when the act, which was both
illegal and considered shameful, was performed quickly and surreptitiously
wherever one could find a safe place to do it.

At the dance-hall. I noticed my erstwhile sex partner sitting at a table
with his mates. We ignored each other. I danced with several girls and
eventually persuaded one to go outside "for a breath of fresh air." I
pushed her up against a wall, snogged her and, having been allowed to grope
her breasts, boldly put my hand up her skirt. Having stimulated her cunt
she readily agreed to removing her knickers. There was no pill in those
days so, having pulled on a condom, I managed to get inside her which is
not all that easy when you are standing up. There were several other
couples outside engaged in the same activity and, while I was fucking her,
I glanced at the nearest. The guy was none other than my companion of
earlier in the evening! He was fucking his girl like a rabbit, then he
noticed me and grinned.

We returned to the dance, again ignoring each other. I saw him round the
town once or twice subsequently but each time either he or I was with
friends. We never had another encounter but I shall never forget that brief
experience in the bombed-out ruins of Aston.


		***		***		***