Untitled (Chapter 1)

Date: Wed, 24 Apr 2013 14:54:06 -0600
From: Brian
Subject: Forced to grow up 3

Disclaimer: This story is fiction. All persons are also fiction and have no
bearing on anyone living or dead. It deals with male to male sex, BDSM,
torture, Degradation and Death. Anyone reading this story should know that
it is illegal in some States and Provinces to view this type of material.


FORCED TO GROW UP

Chapter 3

I pulled Aaron into a chair and just held him as I silently cried. I could
not imagine anyone kidnapping boys just to force them into making Porno
films and pictures. Obviously there was a lot of money involved here and
someone who controlled these men and what they were doing.

Well those seven men were going to tell all or they wouldn't be leaving the
basement alive if I had my way.

"Would you like anything Colonel?" Fredrick asked.

"Coffee. It's going to be along day." I turned and looked at the young
Israeli Captain.

"Well Captain, if you really are a Captain, what are you doing on my
aircraft?"

"Actually I am a Captain. I am a member of the IDF Special Strike Force. We
are controlled from our Director of Intelligence office. As to why I am on
your aircraft, I was ordered to board your aircraft by the same office that
controls you and your men, through my Director."

I was about to ask another question when Fredrick walked in and handed me a
message.

After reading the message I really had to stop and think. I wondered why
this side show was becoming so important that the President would add so
many variables. Having an Israeli Strike force at my beck and call was one
thing, but to commit even forces from the SOG, was going a little far.

"Very well Captain. Have arrangements been made to house and feed your
men."

"Yes Sir."

"Good. All these boys and those Prisoners will be going to my chateau."

"I understand Sir, but I would like to stay at your chateau as well if that
is possible."

"I have no problem with that Captain, but if you have read my file, then
you know I prefer the company of men rather than women. I hope that will
not be a problem for you."

"I don't mind the company of men or boys either."

Well that told me he was Gay or at least bi-sexual.

I looked at Aaron sitting beside me. He had a big smile on his face.

"Captain, I don't believe you have met this young Man. This is Aaron. He is
from Israel and his brother is another boy missing off the streets of
Jerusalem.

"Colonel, if we are going to be more than just working together, please
call me by my name Arvi."

"Very well I will and you can call me John around the castle. Any other
time it's Colonel."

"AS you wish John. Aaron I am very glad to meet you. If that man whose lap
you are sitting on has anything to do with it, I'm sure your brother will
be home safe and sound soon."

"Thank you Sir."

The day was well on its way and some of the young men in the aircraft were
starting to come out of their drug induced sleep. Aaron was off my lap
instantly talking to the young men as they slowly woke up. Some still
cried, not sure what was going on, but most just sat quietly.

WE landed in Geneva just after lunch. The C-130 was about an hour behind
us. I knew things had really changed when we taxied into the
Hanger. Several men in white lab coats with masks on waited us. I also saw
the Director of INTERPOL waiting.

As each young man was removed from my Aircraft they were taken and given
complete physical examinations and after they were fed. I told Aaron to
stay with the boys.

I walked over to the Director. He put out his hand I shook it. He then put
his hand on my shoulder and guided me away from everyone.

Before I could ask why he was here he spoke quietly.

"There have been some developments of which you are unaware. Yesterday
around 1200 hours GMT, the twin sons of the British Prime Minister
disappeared off campus at a primary school in Oxford England. Before you
ask, they were under watch by a Scotland Yard protection team. How they
were taken and how they got away without anyone seeing it happen is under
investigation. However they were not the only young men that simply
vanished. Three other young men disappeared from the same campus and three
more disappeared from downtown Oxford."

"It is believed that that the young men may have been flown out of
England. At about 1145 GMT, a private executive jet landed at Oxford
Regional Airport. It said it was on a training flight from Berlin and
requested to land and refuel. Training flights from the continent and
England are not unusual so permission was granted. They were checked by
customs. After refueling they took off again at about 1300 GMT."

Although they were not watched while they were on the ground, a ground
handler at an adjacent Hanger reported seeing several people being guided
on board before the aircraft left. The Aircraft flight plan said it was
going to Berlin. However it never landed in Berlin and its present
whereabouts are unknown."

The kidnappings were reported in the English newspapers. Some time last
night a conversation took place between Your President and Prime
Minister. Effective immediately you will also have a strike team from the
SAS to assist you."

"It is also felt that you should not be included in any strike action. Your
name and picture is very well known as well as what and who you normally
work for in the United States. For you to be seen in any capacity other
than the Uniform of the United States would bring too many factors in that
we may be able to control."

"That is not to say you are now restricted to just the Chateau, all it
means is you may continue to gather intelligence and even travel to
suspected cities, but you may not put yourself in position where you might
be recognized. That goes for your other team members as well."

I wasn't immediately sure the kidnappings in England were related to what
we were doing. I wondered if they were taken for ransom. The others could
have been taken to throw off the Investigators. I didn't voice my ideas.

And actually I liked the idea of having strike teams from different
countries. It would throw off any suspicion that this was being ordered by
one country or that an organized plan was in the works.

"My last question is what do you plan to do with these young men?"

"After I have gleaned any information I can from them, they will be
repatriated to their own country. However I will not force any young man to
go home."

"Very well Colonel."

I walked the director outside and we shook hands before he climber into his
vehicle. I watched the C-130 taxi to the ramp and stop. A Swiss Army bus
and transport pulled up the Hercules and the prisoners were loaded on the
transport. The 10 man Israeli team came off the aircraft in civilian
clothes carrying heavy black kit bags and got on the bus. Both left.

I knew someplace in this mix, we had to have the full cooperation from the
Swiss Government. There was no way all of this could be done under the
table. I wondered how many other Governments knew about what we were
doing. The more people knew the more chances this whole operation could be
blown sky high. That could cost the lives of very many young men.

Another bus pulled up to the hanger and I joined my men as they helped the
young men we had liberated on board. Very quickly we were on the way to my
Chateau Headquarters.

Aaron I found out quickly had a lot more going for him than that nice cock
and ass I liked to use and behind those beautiful eyes and full lips was a
very capable mind. I had not even thought about where I would accommodate
the young men. He had, even before we left Israel. All our young servants
were living in the old German Barracks that had been built onto the back of
the Chateau. They had been using only the lower level. While still in
Israel, he had called the Chateau and ordered that the second level of the
barracks be cleaned and prepared for the young men. When we arrived at the
Chateau, he directed the driver to the back of the Chateau and up to the
entrance of these barracks. All the young men at the Chateau were there to
help us get the young men inside and settled in their temporary home.

I knew I was going to thank him in more ways than one when I got him alone.

After we had unloaded the boys, Steven handed me a thick file.

"That's the reports from the Doctors. All the boys have been finger printed
and photographed."

"Thank you Steven."

I headed for the Computer Center. I gave Gary the files and had him run
comparisons to the files on the missing boys in Israel. Very quickly I had
hard copies of all nine young men. I took them and headed for my office.

I checked the list of missing in Israel. One hundred and fifty three had
been reported over the last three years. I wondered how many more were in
similar places like the one that was raided in Israel. If they weren't, I
wondered where they were. Border crossings and aircraft movements were much
more controlled in Israel. So if they were not in Israel, how did they get
them out? More than that how do I find out?

One thing I did note was the young man that had been photographed in that
studio was not among the ones we had liberated. So where was he now?
Several possibilities were going through my mind and none of them were
pleasant.

As I sat thinking, Avri asked if he could come in.

"Of course Avri. You have full freedom of movement here."

"John, your staff here is very capable and interesting. I was shown a room,
a lot better than I expected and even I guess the word is propositioned. I
have to say the young man who asked me was very good looking as well."

"All the staff here are Gay Avri and all will do anything you wish." I
smiled.

Aaron came in and walked to me and sat on my lap. He put his arms around
me. When I looked at his face, I knew he had been crying.

"You okay Love?"

"Is a boy named Asher listed as missing?"

I looked through the files.

"Yes, I have an Asher Feldstein. He was reported missing by one of his
friends almost 3 month ago. The initial reports by the police were
discounted, because they knew he was a prostitute. Only after he was still
missing after two weeks, did the police issue a missing persons
report. That was when INTERPOL received it and now I have it."

"Well he is one of the boys we brought back. You have to talk to him John."

"Where is he now?"

"Heinny took him to get a shower and clean shorts. He said he would bring
him up to your room when they are done."

"Avri, I presume the house is still being watched?"

"Actually we have men inside waiting. We noted that there was no means of
communication either inside the house or on any of the men. No cell phones,
internet or even a land line. That meant someone visited the house
regularly. We will get him or them when they arrive if our raid was not
seen."

"I want anyone caught brought here."

"That may be more difficult, but I will pass on your wishes."

"Okay, lets go talk to Asher. Avri, you might as well come along. You might
pick up something we can use that I might miss."

We walked up the stairs and into my room. Heinny and another boy were
sitting on one of the couches. Both had nothing more on than white boxer
briefs and t-shirts. The young man sitting next to Heinny was very good
looking. Honey blonde hair, hung almost to his shoulders. It framed a very
nice face. Deep blue eyes and a very pert nose. Bet he made a fortune as a
boy hooker.

Aaron seeing how the other boys were dressed quickly stripped to his
briefs. Avri frowned.

"I'll explain later Avri."

"Hello Asher. I'm John. How are you doing Son?"

As soon as he heard my name he got up and almost ran over to me. He wrapped
his arms around me and started to cry. He came up to about my tit level. I
just rubbed his back.

"Easy Son. Everything is okay now. Your safe here."

"I'm sorry. I didn't want to do what they told me. Please I'm so sorry." He
cried.  I bent down and picked him up. I doubt he weighed much more than a
hundred pounds. When I picked him up he wrapped his legs around my waist
and buried his head in my shoulder.

I talked quietly to him as I walked to one of the big chairs, As I sat down
he snuggled onto my lap.

"Just relax Son. No one is going to be mad at you."

He sat back and just looked at me. Up close he had almost feminine
features. Very long eye lashes and his lips were ruby red. He definitely
wasn't a girl. His ample basket was very prominent in the tight boxer
briefs.

"Would you like something to drink Asher?"

"Okay Sir." Heinny got us both a coke.

He took a sip and then his pink tongue came out and licked his lips. That
just made it even harder for me to control myself. I wondered if he knew
what he was doing to me. This young man was turning me on with just me
looking at him. I really had to cool my jets. Thinking about what he
probably had been through, brought me down real quick.

"Asher, I want you to tell me how you ended up at that house in Jerusalem."

"Okay Sir." He lowered his head.

I put my finger under his chin and lifted his face up to look at me.

"Asher, you never have to worry about anyone blaming you for anything. You
will never have to say or do anything you don't want."

"Thank you Sir." The hint of a smile creased his face.  "I guess you
already know I was a boy hooker. Calvin and me used to work by the big
hotels downtown. There were always rich guys who liked boys. Well one
night, I don't know how long ago, a guy in a big stretch beamer pulled
up. I never seen a limo beamer, so I was real impressed."

"He asked me if I was available and when I nodded he opened the back door
for me to get in. Boy was it nice inside. He then asked me to suck him. I
of course did. After a while he said he wanted to fuck me, so I just
dropped my shorts and turned for him. He was real big and it hurt a bit at
first, but it sure got better. After he done me for a while he pulled out
and I sucked him off."

"He gave me 300 shekels. Wow I thought that was the best I ever made. He
asked if I wanted a drink while his driver took me back to my corner. I
said sure and he poured me a glass of coke with ice."

I guess I passed out coz when I woke there was a real bright light above
me. The guy said I had passed out so he brought me home. He helped me sit
up and handed me two little pills. He said they would help me wake up. Boy
did they ever and I got so hard too."

Then he stood up and told me to suck him again. Well I did but I kept
seeing flashes before my eyes. It was real weird like. When he was about to
come he pulled out and jacked his stuff onto my face. Then I found out they
were taking pictures of me and him. I got real scared then and asked him to
take me home. He just laughed."

"I'll take you home when I'm ready boy. Until then you will everything I
say or I'll cut those sweet looking balls off and feed them to you." I
started to cry and he slapped me.

"Your mine boy to do with as I please so just cooperate and everything will
be fine."

"What do I have to do?' I asked him and he told me they had a virgin boy
they wanted me to fuck. They took me into another room with lots of lights
and cameras. A boy was laying on the bed on his back. He was pretty good
looking but seemed to sort of dreamy looking. Like his eyes were half
closed and he had sort of smile on his face."

"Get on the bed boy." He handed me some lube. When I asked for a condom, he
just laughed. He won't need one. He said. When you are ready to come, pull
out and jack off on him he said.

"Well he was super tight, but never even cried out or anything when I
fucked him the first time. He was so tight it didn't take long for me to
come. I did as the guy said and jacked my stuff on the boy."

He said I did real good and took me back to the room. Two guys held me down
and gave me a needle in my arm.

I woke up in another room on a big pad. The boy I had done the night before
was there along with four other boys. They were all sleeping. When a man
saw me awake, he took me and made me shower. Then they fed me and put me
back in the room with the boys. I was scared the boy would find out I
fucked him I just stayed quiet. As each boy woke up they took him and I
guess they got showered too.

Well the man came in and forced me to take another little pill. Then he
said he would be back. He never gave the other boys one. When I asked one
of the boys if they knew what was happening, one of them said they were
taking pictures to use on the internet. That really scared me coz if the
police ever saw me screwing that virgin boy I'd be in real big trouble. I
didn't tell him that.

"Even as scared as I was I got hard and I didn't know why. Young guys never
turned me on before."

"Asher, I think they gave you something like Viagra, to make you hard."  A
few minutes later two guys came and grabbed the same boy I had done the
night before. He was screaming and crying as they just dragged him
out. About ten minutes later they came and got me. They took me to a
different room. The guy I had done was in a kind of sling, with his feet up
high and his legs spread.

"Take him boy. No lube this time, just fuck him. The man said. Well he
screamed the whole time I was doing him but I couldn't believe I stayed so
hard. After I came on him they took me out of the room. I never saw that
boy again and didn't know what happened to him.

All day all I did was screw boys or suck them. Some got real hard when I
screwed them while others just cried."

"That's enough for now Asher." I said.

He buried his face in my chest and just cried.

"Avri, can you take these two boys and leave us for a while?"

"Sure John. Come along Aaron, Heinny."

Both quickly dressed and left us alone.

After Asher settled down he sat back.

"Are you going to send me back to Israel?"

"Only if you want to go Asher."

"Can I stay here with you?"

"You can stay wherever you want Asher."

He reached up and kissed me on the lips. That made my cock jump.  "Thank
you." He said.

He got sort of a sly look on his face.

"Can I stay in here with you?"

"Are you sure that's what you want Asher?"

"Yeah, me and Calvin never really liked young guys. You are an older guy
and I like you."

I laughed.

"I'm not that old Asher."

"No I mean your like older than twenty five or thirty. Older guys I like
best coz they know more and I enjoy it more. I mean you can fuck me if you
want, I really like older guys in me."

"I think we'll wait Asher."

"Why, you're hard now." He put his hand on my cock.

"Why are you in such a hurry Archer? You can stay here with me, but Aaron
is my boyfriend and you'll have to share with him."

"Well Aaron's different. He's black and I know he's real big. I kind of
like black guys too. He said it was okay, coz I asked him about you
already."

"Calvin and I don't want to go back coz if that guy ever finds us again
he'll really hurt us."

I knew who Calvin was. I had a file on him. Calvin Fisher, age
nineteen. He'd gone missing about a month after Asher. Again the police had
discounted it for about two weeks. Going to have to change attitudes, the
Police specifically. I wondered how many other street hookers were in
Police files that had not been followed up on.

"So I suppose this Calvin will want to be here with me too."

"No, he likes that big Black guy. He likes black guys best."

"Well Calvin better watch out. James is big all over."

"It won't matter to Calvin. He's had some real big dicks in him. He told me
the bigger the better."

Well I wasn't sure about that. S.Sgt. James Washington had about a foot of
beer can thick cock. I thought I would die when he shoved it up my ass. He
was also very aggressive when he screwed a white. He told me loved to
punish whites as he fucked them. He never had a problem with sucking, but
would never let anyone fuck him.

Once I got used to his size, I really enjoyed the few times we got together
in Afghanistan.

"Can I at least suck you Sir?" Asher asked.

"Why are you in such a hurry Archer? If you want you can stay here, even
with me so there will be lots of time for us."

"Well nobody ever sucked me at the house and I wasn't allowed to suck
anyone off. I really like it. When Calvin came it was the same. I used to
suck Calvin every night at our place. He really liked to be aggressive when
I sucked him and he is way bigger than me. Almost eight inches and thick. I
liked it when he fucked my face. We never did it in back coz we saved that
for customers."

"Until Calvin came all I could do was jack off on guys for the movies. One
night Calvin and I didn't swallow the pill they gave us to sleep. We sucked
each other that one time. They must have seen us coz the next night they
gave us an injection to make us sleep."

I never even got fucked once all the time I was at the house. All Calvin
and me did was screw the new guys. I'd do them first and Calvin would do
them after I did. If a boy got to like it they sent them away and then
brought more."

"Did anyone mention where they were going Asher?"

"No, all they said they'd be better off."

"So how many times did someone come to the house with new boys?"

"Well it would depend. Sometimes almost everyday and sometimes it was a
week or more. If they took three boys away, they always brought two or
three more. There were never more than nine boys at the house. I guess they
didn't want us too many so we could try to escape. Like not that we would
have much chance. They had guns."

"Asher, look, later I'll do anything you want, but I really need to
work. There are a lot more young men missing. I'm glad I got you and your
friend out along with the others. Now I have to find and rescue a lot
more. I'll have Heinny come and stay with you. You two can do as you wish."

"Okay Sir. Thank you." He stood up and kissed me again.

I got up and walked to the door. Heinny was waiting outside my suite. I
walked out and closed the door before talking to Heinny.

"Heinny, I want you to stay with Asher. Be gentle with him, he's been
through a lot. He also said he hasn't been screwed by anyone in over three
months, so if he wants you to do it, be gentle."

"Okay Sir. I understand."

"I'll be back later."

Heinny went to my suite as I headed for the computer center.

When I walked in I saw that all but two of my men were working
computers. James was over at one and I walked over to him.

"Damn Sir. They have a lot of the missing guys online in web sites."

"Look James, there is one of the young men that the hots for you."

"Like I didn't know." He chuckled.

"James, Asher told me that neither him or Calvin had a chance to screw in
all the time they were in that house. If he asked be gentle please. Asher
said he is a real size queen, but I know what you like. Just tale it easy
on the first time."

"I will John. I promise."

"Good, now have we identified anymore cities?"

"Yeah fuck. Too many."

I headed over to Gary's desk. He seemed to be running some kind of face
recognition program.

"What's happening Gary?"

"Well we have twelve cities identified. Some are in the old eastern
block. Most are in South East Asia. Now what I have done is set up that big
screen with all the boys we have identified. What is going on now is to
look at every picture we can down load off the internet sights. Then the
face recognition program checks if the boys are on multiple sites. So far
some young men are on lots of sights. Some one some where is also using a
photo shop program to change heads with bodies."

"What do you mean?"

"It's easier if I show you. You see this boy here? It says on this site his
name is Evan and he's eighteen. Not a bad looking guy. Now we move to this
sight. Same face, but different body. He didn't get those muscles over
night John. Or for that matter the uncut cock."

"Why would they do that?"

"Well one reason, it saves getting another boy and it still makes them more
money. Most people who look at these sites are looking at the body of the
young men not the face."

"Now, James said you had identified several cities. Have you got locations
of the possible holding sites in those cities?"

"Some, but not all."

"So I need to start planning those raids."

"Why are you planning the raids John? You never planned any before. Sure
you went to Israel, but it was the Israeli's that planned and carried out
the assault on the house. You need to find someone we can trust to do the
planning. You said it yourself. You're not a combat officer. You're an
intelligence officer. You give people information and they plan and do the
assaults."

I wandered away from Gary. He was right, I had never planned anything. I
just supplied information. But who could I get to plan these
things. Another problem I was going to have was what to do with any young
men we rescued. Some could be brought here, but it might mean thousands and
there was no way I could handle them here, add in anyone captured at those
houses. Where the hell could I send them?

I headed for my office in the den.

This was getting bigger than even I could handle.

Avri was in the den on his lap top. He was typing furiously. When I looked,
I couldn't read it because he was using Hebrew. It was obviously some kind
of chat program. I hopped it was secure and then figured if he was using it
was as secure as it could be. I mixed myself a drink and sat down. I was
thinking about whom I could find that would work for me as a
planner. Nothing or anyone came to my immediate mind.

Barry came in and mixed himself a drink before sitting down.

"I've talked to all the boys we brought out. The four Jewish boys want to
go home as soon as possible, but are worried that their parents might not
want them now that they have been defiled. I said I would have you talk to
them about that. I also said they really didn't have to tell anyone unless
they them selves wanted to. Now Allen Fisher doesn't want to go back
because the Police will just arrest him for something he didn't do."

"Really, what?"

"Well he says a guy charged him with theft. He said he didn't steal
anything from the guy and the guy only paid him half of what he had asked."

"Sounds like a disgruntled John to me. Did the police put out a warrant?"

I guess Avri was listening to us.

"The guy was a tourist and never stayed in Israel to follow up on the
charge, so the Police dropped it. There is no warrant as far a I can find
out."

"Well whatever. If Allen wants to stay here it's okay. However that brings
up another problem. We won't have the space here for a lot more young
men. Granted only nine came here and four want to go home, but is that how
it's going to work. Where do we put those that don't want to be
repatriated?"

"I guess we need to figure that out. We have space for about 60, using the
barracks. But some of these boys might need more than just space. Some are
going to need help readjusting." Barry said.

"Now, Barry, do you Know any operational planning officers that would fit
our mold here?"

"How about Widow Maker?"

"What about him? I heard he retired a couple of years ago. I have no idea
what he is up to now."

"Well he didn't retire. He was retired by the Army after he wrote that
paper at Georgetown about how the Armed Forces was losing it's best
soldiers and officers due to the Forces policy on Gays and Lesbians. I
guess it didn't go over too well with the Military Brass." Barry laughed.

"Still doesn't help. I have no idea where he is or what he is doing."

"Well I imagine Avri could find out. He retired and moved back to Israel
with his two boyfriends."

"Who is this Widow Maker?" Avri asked.

"Joshua Avrim Smith. Col. (Retired) USA. I don't know much about him except
he was probably the best Operations Planner I ever met. He was also openly
Gay and I sometimes wondered how he ever made it to Colonel. Probably had a
lot to do with his ability. I met him in Iraq the first time and he planned
all Special Missions. He became know as 'Widow Maker', because every time
he planned a mission it always succeeded and quite a few of enemy became
dead, leaving lots of widows to mourn."

"Do you want him John?"

"Well if you can find him, I'd like to talk to him."

"I will find him if he is in Israel. Talk here or in Israel?"

"I think I'll go to him."

"Okay, I'm going to talk to the four young men that want to go home."

"Their in the Library John."

"Good. I'll see you at dinner."

When I walked into the library, two of the boys were so close together I
thought they were joined as one. The look in both their eyes told me they
were probably in love. I wondered how that would go over back home. In fact
I didn't have any idea what the laws were concerning Gay men and women in
Israel. Well it was not my problem.

The other two were sitting talking. Both looked like they had been crying.

"Hi. How are boys doing?" I said as I walked to the small cooler in the
library.

"You want a coke or something?" I asked.

I got four nods, so I pulled out five cokes and handed each one. I sat down
in one of the chairs.

"Look boys, I wish I had some words to help you through all this, but I
don't. I know what happened is probably going to be a life changing event
for all of you. Some may even wish to end it all. All I can ask is for you
to talk to someone before you try something drastic."

"I know you all wish to go home and I will send you home as soon as I
can. In mean time if you need to talk or need a shoulder to cry on, I am
here for you. I will always do what I can to help you."

"Well I guess Archer did Chuck and me a favor, although we hated him for it
at first. Then Allen told us that if he hadn't done us they probably would
have killed Archer. We kind of forgave him after. I mean Chuck and I grew
up together and are real good friends. I guess I sort of felt something for
Chuck a long time ago, but just didn't know what I was feeling. I do
now. Benny and Jen probably hate us coz were both Gay now."

"WE don't hate either of you. I mean I hated Archer and Calvin and really
wanted to kill both. But I guess if some one said they'd cut my balls off
if I didn't do as they said I would have done the same thing. It's just I
don't know what I feel anymore. I mean after the first few times I kind of
liked it and that's the problem. I don't know what I am anymore. I'm scared
my parents are going to hate me now." Benny started to cry.

Before I could move or say anything, the boy named Jen was next to Benny
holding him. Now what I thought? Were all four boys gay now. It just didn't
seem plausible to me. It could be infatuation or something else. I guess it
was something both boys would have to work out. Chuck and Mark, I figured
were in love.

"Look boys. I'll do anything I can to help you. If you want me to get
someone you can talk to before you back to Israel, I will or if you want to
talk to someone in Israel, I will make it happen for you."

"You mean like a shrink?

"Yes, if that is what you want."

"I'm not sure I want anyone else to know. Can we talk to you?"

"Yes guys if that is what you want. We can talk."

For the first time I saw smiles on the four boys faces.

"Now, I think dinner is ready. Would you boys like to come for dinner or do
you want us to bring you something?"

They all looked at each other and then got up to follow me.


TBC.

---

Untitled (Chapter 2)

Date: Mon, 15 Apr 2013 16:49:18 -0600
From: Brian
Subject: Forced to Grow Up Chapter 2

Disclaimer: This story is fiction. All persons are also fiction and have no
bearing on anyone living or dead. It deals with male to male sex, BDSM,
torture, Degradation and Death. Anyone reading this story should know that
it is illegal in some States and Provinces to view this type of material.


FORCED TO GROW UP

Chapter 2


Small walled Estate? If the place we arrived at was considered small, I'd
like to see what they considered a large estate. From the looks of the
outside walls the place looked more like a castle. Even had a gate
house. It too was guarded by Swiss Army Troops. After checking our ID, we
were allowed onto the Estate.

The house as we approached it was just a dark foreboding shape. No lights
were visible except a single by the main entrance. I saw why when we
stopped and got out. All the windows had heavy shutters covering them. I
figured the inside would be pretty stuffy. A dark van pulled up behind
us. I figured rightly that it was our luggage. WE walked up the stone steps
and entered.

Bright lights and a very fresh atmosphere greeted us along with a to my
mind a young Negro Male.

"Good evening Sirs. I know you must be tired from your journey and even now
your luggage is being moved to your rooms. However I need to say a few
things before you are shown to your rooms." He led us into a very large and
ornately decorated Den/library.

"First, a very short history. This Estate was built in the late nineteenth
century. It was occupied continuously up until just prior to world war
2. During WW2, it was the German Embassy. After it was bought by a man who
made extensive use of the lower levels. He was later convicted of murder
and spent the rest of his life in Prison. We began renovations for you and
your men about 6 months ago."

"You say 6 months ago. They knew even then someone was coming?"

"Yes Sir. We knew someone was coming but did not why or how."

"However, myself and all the other house staff was specifically picked for
you. We share exactly what you like. We are as they say all Gay. You may
use me or any of the other staff anyway you like, as long as there is never
anything permanent or life threatening. I hope you are pleased with us."

Jesus, I thought. How did they know 6 months ago that I would be coming?
This had to have planned far back in the past and I think I was picked at
that time.

At that moment two young men appeared at the door. Both were very good
looking and blonde, with blue eyes.

"These two will show you two to your rooms. I will show you to yours
Sir. Tomorrow I will give you all a tour of the house."

Barry and Gary followed the two young men. I walked to the very extensive
bar and poured myself a scotch. Then I looked over the young Negro Male.

"I would very much like to please you Sir."

"We'll see." I smiled.

It was then that my bladder let me know I really needed to piss. Well we'd
see right now.

"Get on your knees in front of me boy."  He was very quick to comply. I
pulled out my cock and shoved it in his mouth. I just let loose. He
immediately started to swallow, but there was so much, some was forced out
around his lips and ran down his chin onto the floor. When I was done I
just stepped back.

"Lick up what you missed from the floor."

He did as I asked and then sat back. He had a smile on his face.

"Did you enjoy that boy?"

"Oh yes Sir. I hope next time I miss any you will punish me too."

"If that's what you want, then that's what will happen. Now you can show me
to my room."

He led me up a wide staircase to the double door right at the top. He
opened one door and let me enter. The door closed with a very solid
sound. The room was well lit and very large. Many large couches and deep
chairs dotted the room. A large bar was on one side as well as a large
stone fireplace. A low fire was burning in the fire place.

"This is the sitting room Sir. The Bedroom is on your left. It has an
attached bath shower and hot tub. All your baggage has been unpacked and
placed I hope as you wished they would be. All the suites in the Chateau
are sound proof. Some of the late owner's guests enjoyed what he did."

"Very nice. What is your name?"

"Aaron Sir."

"Very well Aaron, we will talk about your name at another time. In future
when you enter this suite for any reason you will strip to your
underwear. You will also only wear white briefs or boxer briefs," Actually
I really liked to see boys in tight white underwear. Also I loved to rip
them off sometime during my sex play. I just stood waiting.

It finally dawned on Aaron what I was waiting for. He quickly pulled off
his t-shirt. He hesitated at his belt.

"I am not wearing any under things Sir."

"That's fine this time."

He quickly removed his pants and shoes and stood with his hands at his
side.

Not bad, I thought. He was very well toned, but not overly so. Firm Pecs
and just a hint of a six pack. The only hair appeared to on his head and
was long enough for me to grip if I wished. His cock was cut and about 6
inches soft. Two fairly large balls hung in his loose sack. Another great
place to use as leverage. He had a firm muscled butt. I could really enjoy
some nice times with his body, if he was willing.

I wished at this time I wasn't so tired, but I could find out how he tasted
and he could blow me as well.

"Come along Aaron." I headed for my bedroom.

"Undress me Aaron." He was very quick and smiled when he saw my cock.

"You can begin by sucking my cock."

He was very quick to take my cock into his warm mouth. From the start I
knew was experienced.

"Now Aaron I will tell you some of the things I like to do and have done to
me. I am as a rule very brutal when someone is sucking me or I am fucking
them. I like to use hand holds. In this case I will use your hair."  With
that said I grabbed his hair with both hands and forced my cock into his
mouth and throat. He gagged at once and chocked on it.


'You must get used to taking all my cock all the time or all you will do is
chock on it." I rammed it in again.

I no longer cared how he felt or was feeling. Seeing my cock slid past
those thick black lips just drove me to hammer his throat harder. He
continued to gag and chock. Tears started down his face and it became
darker as he ran out of air. I pulled out and stopped a moment to let him
get some air in his lungs, before just continuing to brutally fuck his
face.

"When I come, you will swallow it all or I will whip your black ass until
you can't sit for a week."

Seeing his tear filled eyes plus my sliding into his mouth got up very
fast. I finally stopped with my cock in his throat and unloaded. I was
surprised my cock was pulled deeper as he swallowed. He never missed a
drop. I pulled out and sat on the edge of the bed. I ruffled his hair.

"Not bad Aaron. I really enjoyed that."

Aaron sat back on his heels as he gasped for air. Then I saw his tongue
come out and lick his lips clean.

"You taste very good Sir."

"Did that bother you the way I just did it to you?"

"To say I enjoyed it would be a lie Sir. However I also will do it
again. You have come here to look for missing boys. One of those missing is
my Brother. I will do anything to please you Sir in hopes that you will
find him safe."

"Well pleasing me is simple Aaron. I'll fuck your face and your ass as hard
and as brutally as I can, but I also like to receive abuse too. So now I
want you to do exactly as I did to you. Don't hold back anything."

I figured my mouth might have just got me into trouble. Aaron had gotten
very hard and I was sure he had near what I did but it was quite a bit
thicker.

"You mean you want me to do you the same way?"

"Yes Aaron I do."

"Cool." He said as he stood.

"Come on you white cocksucker. Get on your knees." He used a hand on my
neck to pull me off the bed.

Without hesitation he stepped forward and rammed his thick dick into my
mouth. He used both hands to hold my head as he pushed his cock into me.

"Take it all cocksucker." He said as he pushed.

This might be the thickest cock I had ever had in my mouth and my jaw ached
as he drove it in. That never even occurred to him as he just kept ramming
it deeper. Now I was the one gagging and chocking on his cock. Damn he was
thick, but he slowly forced all ten inches into my throat.

"Not bad white boy. How does it feel to have a black cock in your throat?
Maybe I hold you here until you die of lack of air."

But he didn't, he pulled back and then rammed it in again. He then started
to fuck my face with long deep strokes. It gave me time to exhale sometimes
and grab some air as well. It wasn't a slow fuck, but fast hard thrust each
time he went in. I was still getting light headed from lack of air. All of
a sudden he stopped, with is cock just inside my mouth. As I drew in a big
breath, he shot a thick stream of cumm before again hammering into my
throat. I had no choice but swallow. He slid back out and fired two more
streams over my tongue. Damn he did taste real good. I licked his cock
clean and sat back.

After I got my air back, I stood up.

"Was that okay Sir?"

"That was great Aaron. Love to have it again. Now I need some sleep."

I pulled back the covers on the bed and pulled him in beside me.

He laid with his head on my chest.

"Aaron I will find your brother and if he is dead then the cocksucker who
killed him will die a death of a thousand deaths. This I promise you
Aaron."

"Thank you Sir." He said and I felt warm tears on my chest.

I just smiled and drifted off to sleep.

When I woke up Aaron was still snuggled up close. I ran my hand down over
his smooth back and gripped one of his firm buns. He lifted his head and
smiled.

"Do you want to fuck me now Sir?"

"I'd very much like to fuck you Aaron, but now I need a piss and then
shower."

"I will do that for you Sir and then help you shower."

"Good. Let's go."

I just rolled to a sitting position. Aaron dropped onto my cock. Damn it
felt nice and I had a hard time pissing. Finally able to unload he
swallowed everything. He stood and led me to the bathroom, turned on the
shower. As I stepped in he pissed in the toilet and then joined me in the
shower. It felt good when he washed me all over. I could get used to this
real easy.

After dressing in just fatigue pants and t-shirt with deck shoes, Aaron
showed me the dinning area. Both Gary and Barry were chowing down.

"Foods great John."

Aaron said he would meet us in the Den before he took us on a tour.

Aaron, when he came in the den had done what I had asked him to. I could
just see the white band of his white underwear.

Aaron explained that the second floor was all bedrooms, 9 in total arranged
both directions from the Master Suite at the top of the stairs. The main
floor had this Den, a large dinning room and kitchen. A library, and a
second Study that had been cleared of all furniture. They had been told to
prepare a room for the Computer equipment.

The last place he showed us was the basement. It was divided into two
halves. One side was store rooms and a weapons lockup, now empty plus two
large walk in freezers. This side could be accessed from both the kitchen
and the main stairway down.

The rest of the basement consisted of the most extensive dungeon I had ever
laid eyes on. Several small cells and a larger one looked out onto the main
chamber. This was more like the Spanish Inquisition, there was so many
implements of torture.

"Some of this was installed when the Castle was first built. The Gestapo
installed the balance during WW2. When the Swiss Army occupied the Castle
after WW2, they found a mass grave near the back wall. All the victims had
been either shot or strangled with piano wire." Aaron said.

After real good lunch we were all back in the Den drinking beer.

"The Staff here consists of twenty. Five of those are responsible for the
up keep of the grounds. Of the rest three are kitchen staff and rest keep
the house clean. All can be used by you and your men Sir."

"I have been told to expect six more men. Also there is a truck arriving
this week with furniture for your computer center. I have no idea yet when
your equipment will arrive."

"Where are you from Aaron?"

"Israel. I was along with my brother Ben born in Jerusalem. We are not
Jewish, but my father followed the tenets of the faith. That is why I am
circumcised."

"Your Brother Ben disappeared from Israel?"

"Yes Sir."

"Okay guys this is what is going to happen. Each of us will begin to
investigate one Country at a time, with a view to find out where and how
these boys were abducted. Gary as soon as you have the equipment I want all
the files from INTERPOL downloaded here. Files dealing with these
kidnappings."

"All the guys coming have intelligence backgrounds. When we identify
specific locations of websites used, Gary can hack in and hopefully find
out how they are being picked and their later disposition."

"Information Guys. We need information and lots of it. Once we know the
location of these sites we can start taking them down."

I tossed the two thick files that INTERPOL had given me on the desk.

"That's is a list of the reported missing boys. It is felt and I agree that
this list is but the tip of the ice burg. How many more young men have
disappeared that were not reported?"

"Jesus, there has to be thousands here." Gary said.

I saw both Barry and Gary yawning. Well I was too still feeling the effects
of jet lag.

"Okay guys. I'm going to sack out for a couple of hours."

"Sounds like a plan." Barry and Gary echoed.

Aaron followed me as I went up stairs to my room. As soon as were inside,
Aaron quickly stripped to his pure white Everlast Bikini briefs. Boy did he
fill them out and I was instantly hard.

I walked to him and pulled him close. I could feel his cock get hard as I
held him.

"I guess we should take of that." I said.

I gave him a peck on the cheek, took his hand and led him to the bedroom. I
quickly stripped. He almost swooned as my cock slapped my belly as I
removed my boxer briefs.

"Take them off Aaron." He slipped his down and off, that beautiful cock
slapped his belly.

I pulled him onto the bed and quickly had the head of that smooth thick
cock in my mouth. I felt his hot mouth envelope mine and he bit and nibbled
at my cock head with his teeth. I knew that if he had just bit down I would
have cumm instantly. Instead I felt his tongue work the underside of my
cock as he slowly took me. I started to slowly work his cock into my
throat, moving deeper each time I went down on him. He was doing the same
thing, but still nibbled on the head of my cock with each stroke. The
simple light pain pleasure was bring me quickly to orgasm.  I knew I was
getting close, but wanted something more. As I pulled off him I bit down
hard on his cock just below his flared head. His whole body jerked off the
bed and a muffled scream escaped his mouth. When I released him the first
jet of thick sweet/sour cream blasted over my tongue. I quickly swallowed
and then deep throated his cock. Several more throbs and I was hard pressed
to swallow so fast. As he slowly stopped he did the same thing. Bit down
hard right on the head of my cock. I could only groan, but the sheer
pain/pleasure short circuited my brain and I blew into his mouth. After
draining my balls into his mouth, I licked his cock clean.

We both turned and went into a deep tongue filled kiss. We fought each
other for a taste of the residue inside each others mouth. Finally I moved
back a bit.

"You make me so happy Sir. I love you."

"I love you too Aaron. Call me John from now on. We will be together for a
long time." We kissed again and then I just held him close. Sleep was easy.

I came awake instantly at a light tap on my bedroom door. A blonde young
man was standing just inside the door with a clip board in his hands.

Aaron woke up and rolled to a sitting position on the side of the bed.

"What is it Son." I asked.

"A shipment arrived I need your signature Sir."

"Bring it here." He walked to bed as I sat beside Aaron.

Aaron rattled off a string of German.

As he went to start undressing I stopped him.

"Not this time. Next time is fine. What's your name?"

"Heinrich Sir, but everyone just calls me Heinny."

"Okay Heinny, what have you got?" HE handed me the clip board.

Jesus. It was a list of weapons that had arrived. Five full pages. Christ,
there was enough to start a small war.

"Okay Heinny, have them put in the weapons room downstairs." I signed the
receipt.

Over the next two weeks equipment and supplies I had ordered started to
arrive. It always arrived late in the day and Gary spent many long nights
setting up his equipment. Every time I looked in the computer center I saw
something new.

I went back to my regular daily routine. Getting up early and running
several laps of the grounds. The other men as they arrived were briefed and
then started their own morning workouts. Aaron always ran with me and I
found he was in pretty good shape. I was becoming very fond of the young
Negro.

Almost three weeks to the day we arrived I called an "O" group with
everyone present, including all the boys at the Castle and my Aircraft
crew. We held it in the big computer center.

"Okay gentlemen the reason we are here is to find out what has been
happening to a large number of young men who have gone missing in several
countries. Gary has down loaded a shit load of files from INTERPOL. What I
want is all of you to look at some of these pictures with an eye to
identifying where they were taken. All of you have been to several
countries either in the Service of the US or as with these young men here,
they were born in several different countries. Aaron for example was born
in Israel along with his brother who is also missing."

Once we have if possible identified a particular country or even city we
can look deeper to see if we can locate the specific location. Gary, put up
that picture I found in the files."

A picture immediately filled one of the huge monitors. In it a boy about 17
or 18 according to the file was stretched out on a colorful couch nude. His
semi-hard uncut cock lay along his thigh. He had a dreamy look in his eyes
almost like he was drugged. He wasn't smiling. In the background showed a
large window looking out onto a city scape.

"This is one of the missing boys from Israel. You notice he is uncut, so
it's a good bet he's not Jewish. It also looks like he might be drugged."

"Sir, Sir, I think that is in Jerusalem." Aaron said.

"You sure Aaron?"

"Yes Sir. That looks like the Temple on the Mount in the background."

Gary quickly zoomed the picture to the window and then cleared it up.

"Yes Sir, that is definitely the Temple. You can even see part of the old
city walls."

Very quickly Gary had a satellite image of the Jerusalem on one of the
other big monitors. He highlighted the dome.

"Can you point out the wall you see Aaron?" Gary asked.

Aaron took a pointer and showed Gary in the photograph the wall he could
see. Gary highlighted it on the Image on the other screen.

"Anyone else pick out any land marks?"

"Well if I am not mistaken that tall white building is the King David
Hotel."  Steven Burton said.

After further manipulation of the image, the King David hotel was
definitely identified. A few minutes later another image came up of a spot
on the satellite image where all three angles converged.

"That's the Bathsheba Market in the old City." Aaron said.

I just stood and looked at the display. This was too good an opportunity to
pass up.

"Gentlemen this too good an opportunity to pass up. Gustaff we will need
two unmarked vans in Jerusalem. Barry, James and Steven, you will be coming
with me this time. I also just figured out we may need a medic. Anyone know
of one?"

"Colonel, I know of a man that would work for you. He is a registered nurse
here in Geneva. He flunked out of medical school, so joined the Swiss Army
as a medic. He is very well trained."

"Would he fit in here?"  "Yes Colonel he would fit very well." Gustaff
laughed.

"Very well, bring him out to see me."

"Okay guys you all know what to do. Vests, side arms, ID, and
passports. Also we will all wear comm. gear. We leave in two days, full
weapon loads."

"One of reasons I have these young men in here is exactly as Aaron has
done. He identified a possible place where these boys are being used. That
makes them as important as all of you. Treat them as such."

"You will be coming with us too Aaron."

Benjamin Farsi was not Swiss. He was Egyptian. He was also very happy to
join us. I wasn't able to get him US Marshalls Identification but did get
him INTERPOL ID as a Special Investigator. So now we had a medic.

The safe house in Jerusalem that Gustaff had arranged for was a fairly
large house at the north end of the Market. The walled courtyard had plenty
of room for both our vans. We immediately set up cameras to watch the three
buildings at the south end of the market. We arrived fairly late and the
market was deserted although there were still lots of people around. I
commented that I wished I was able to see through the curtains on the
windows of those apparent apartments.

"I could get the equipment but I'm sure the CIA would want to know what I
needed it for." Steven said.

"Give me a list and I'll ask my friend in the Pentagon."

I gave the list to Gustaff. I knew Gustaff was much more than just an
ex-East German Pilot. I figured he was the liaison between INTERPOL and the
US General I knew. It seemed I just had to ask for something of him and it
arrived, with no questions asked.

Most of guys sacked out in the living room. I took Aaron to one of the
bedrooms. I would have loved to fuck him again, but instead just pulled him
close to sleep. I woke up to a wonderful feeling. When I sat up on my
elbows, Aaron lifted off my cock and smiled.

"You always taste so good John."

"Well come on then finish the job." I rolled to a sitting position on the
bed.

He was quick to take my cock back into his mouth. I grabbed his hair and
forced my cock into his throat. He still gagged when it deep in his throat,
but could take it all without chocking. I fucked his face hard and fast
before blowing a load in his throat. After he sat back and gotten his air
back, I slipped my soft cock into his mouth and emptied my bladder. He
never missed a drop. Sometimes he did and I had whipped his ass. We
showered together and dressed.

When we walked out Steven had another piece of equipment set up.

"Whoever your friend is Colonel, he must some kind of guy. This arrived at
0430 this morning. When I opened the door for him, he just handed me the
case and left. It's better at night and can actually see through walls if
there isn't too much steel used. These old buildings I doubt have very much
so we should be able to see everything going on inside."

"Good. After I have something to eat, Aaron and I are going shopping in the
market. Everyone got their ear pieces?"

I got nods all around. I fitted one in Aaron's ear.

"Now you will be able to hear and speak and everyone will hear what's said
Aaron."

I had Aaron take off his colorful shirt and then fitted him with one of the
Kevlar shirts we had brought along. After adjusting it he put his shirt
back on.

"What's this for Sir?"

"That my young love, will protect you from all knives and most bullets. Got
to protect one of my favorite boys."

"Okay everyone have Shekels'?"

I opened my brief case and pulled a couple of hundred dollars in shekels
and gave Aaron the same.

"Help your selves."

"Barry I want you and James to work the other side of the market. Aaron and
I will work our way down and have a look at the back of those three
apartments. Take your time guys. Your tourists remember."

"Side arms and ID."

I slipped on a light windbreaker to conceal the automatic in my shoulder
holster. Aaron just wore what he had, He wasn't armed. We headed out into
the market.

"Remember you must bargain for everything, even if you think it is a fair
price." Aaron said.

Aaron stopped often and looked at all kinds of stuff. He bargained for even
two slices of watermelon. I just laughed at his very vigorous
bargaining. Everyone really ignored us, except when we stopped at this
booth or another. I stopped at a silversmith booth. I saw a very nice solid
silver Chain. It was like a dog chocker chain. I picked it up and the man
said 200. Aaron immediately said too much. I said fifty.  "Fifty, ah kind
Sir you will put my children on the street. One fifty."

We finally settled on 100 shekels.

I heard in my ear.

"I think you just got busted John. There are six Israeli Security guys
working their way toward you."

"Relax guys. We'll see how good our ID is."

I have to admit these guys were very good. We had seen several Israeli Army
Security guards in the market. They travelled in pairs and everyone pretty
much ignored them. Aaron and I stopped and bought two bottles of
water. When I went to move on two of them were blocking my way. When I
looked two more were in a cul-de sac. I figured there were two more behind
me.

"Relax Aaron."

I stepped closer to the one in front of me.

"Can I help you." I said.

"Do you have some identification Sir?"

I handed over my Marshalls ID.

"All Foreign Police Officers must register when entering the Country. Also
none can carry concealed weapons."

"Flip over the Badge."

"I beg your pardon Sir."

"Flip over the badge." He did and his eyes got very big.

He handed my Badge back.

"Can we be of service to you Sir?"

"Not now, but I may need you later."

"You are staying at the house at the North end of the Market. You only need
step out on the street and an officer will be of service to you."

"Thank you. Have a quiet day."

"Enjoy your stay in my country Sir." He just turned and walked away.

So much for that safe house.

Aaron and I worked our way down the Market and then walked into the lane
behind the Apartments. All looked the same with a single back entrance. We
wandered back to the house.

"They are definitely taking pictures Colonel. They have the curtains open
and are using natural light. We haven't seen any boys but have sent
pictures of at least five different men back to Gary."

"Okay, if we can confirm the numbers in the apartment tonight, we'll go
tonight. Gustaff I might need another aircraft to move the perps to
Switzerland."

"You will have it Colonel."

We mostly rested, getting ready for our night foray.

Once the sun went down and buildings cooled off, it became readily apparent
that we might have bit off more than we could chew.  On the main floor,
were at least six men. Two sat near the front door. The others appeared to
be lounging in the front room of the main floor. On the second floor, were
another six men that we could see. Three appeared to be laying down. One
was outside a room that showed a large red blob of warm bodies. I figured
this was where the boys were being held. Two more men were in the front
room of the second floor. We were five. Not good odds.

I sat pondering the situation.

"Can you not ask the soldiers for help?" Aaron asked me quietly.

"We can sure try."

What did that Security guy say? Oh yeah, just step outside the gate and an
officer would come to me. I figured they were probably watching us too.

I was already dressed in black combats. My automatic was at my right side
and I had flash bangs and Magazines for my pistol and the small silenced
German Sub Machine gun we all carried. I grabbed my machine gun and slung
it over my shoulder.

"Stay loose guys. I'll be back."

I walked down to the lower floor. A few lights were on to make the place
looked lived in. I went out the front door and across the small court yard
to the man door that led onto the street. Here goes nothing, I thought. I
opened the door and looked north up the street. There was nobody on the
street tonight and it looked deserted. I looked south toward the
square. Nothing moved. I stepped back inside the court yard and waited.

Less than two minutes later a man stepped inside the court yard.

"How may I be of service to you Colonel?"

Well so much for my cover.

"You have me at a disadvantage Sir." I said.

"Perhaps we should step inside. Less ears inside."

I just turned and walked back into the house. I went into the living room
of the house.

"To begin with, I am Avri Ben Canaan. I am a Captain in the IDF special
Intelligence wing. You are a full colonel in your countries DIA. WE have a
very extensive file on you Colonel. You don't normally travel anywhere in
civilian clothes and with the credentials of your United States Marshalls
office."

"We too have been watching that apartment, but thought at first it might be
terrorists. However, we now believe they are making pornographic films,
which in itself is not illegal in Israel."

"Would it be illegal if the participants were being forced to take part in
those pictures and films?"

"Yes Indeed. You have proof of this?"

"Then I will show you what we have and you can decide for your self."

"You need not do that Colonel. If you say the persons are being forced to
make those films is enough for me. I will explain something else to
you. You very obviously have some very powerful friends. Someone had a very
long conversation with my Prime Minister. My Prime Minister had a long
conversation with my boss. My boss had a very short conversation with
me. So now I am here."

"Another thing you should know. No one has ever dictated to the IDF, yet it
seems that at a simple request, a C-130 IDF transport has been placed at
your disposal. No one questioned the order."

I took him up to the darkened room on the second floor and explained my
problem. He never commented on the other very well armed men in the room.

"I need some of those men alive and I don't want any harm to come to the
young men either."

"Very well. I think we can handle this. I would suggest that you pack up
and leave. The Men will be delivered to our transport and the boys to your
jet. Do you have any idea where these boys may have come from?"

"I'm pretty sure they are from here in Israel. They will be returned after
we interview them. If that is their wish."

"Very well. It would not look good if American Police officers were seen
assaulting a home here in Israel."

"I agree, but I need as many prisoners as you can get."

"We'll try to take them all, but I cannot guarantee it."

"Fair enough."

We shook hands and he left.

I would have really liked to watch them work, but knew it was not the time
or place. I ordered the guys to pack up. Thirty minutes later we were on
our way back to the airport. Good as his word, an unmarked C-130 aircraft
sat on the ramp next to my Challenger. One of the planes crew walked up and
saluted.

"Can you tell us our destination so I can plan my route?"

"Geneva Switzerland. You need not worry about customs. On the ground have
them direct you to the Commercial ramp."

"Very good Sir." He saluted and went back to his aircraft.

"Gustaff, make sure that aircraft is cleared to land in Geneva."

"Already done Colonel."

"I guess nothing to do now but wait."

We all got out of our combat gear and stowed it. Then Aaron and I just
cuddled together on one of the couches. It could be a long night.

I guess we dozed off, but came awake instantly when Barry spoke up.

"Looks like they are here John."

I walked off the Challenger as a van pulled up to the C-130. I watched as
seven men were herded out of the van and onto the aircraft. All were hooded
and all cuffed. About a dozen security guys followed them.

A few minutes later another van pulled in and up close to the
Challenger. The young Captain stepped out od the back of the van.

"They are all drugged and I don't think are aware of what's going on."

I climbed into the back of the van and picked up the first boy. God, I bet
he wasn't more than sixteen. He was also very light. The glazed look he had
in his eyes told me he was definitely under something. I walked off the van
and straight into the challenger. Fredrick had pulled out all the couches
into beds and I gently laid the young man down. Fredrick covered him with a
blanket. Very quickly all the boys were on the Challenger.

"They look so young?" Aaron said.

Benjamin was going to each and checking pulse and hearts. AS Fredrick went
to close up the aircraft the young Israeli Captain stepped on board.

"I have been ordered to accompany you Colonel."

I ignored him as I went to each boy. I knew what I was doing. I was searing
into my brain the faces of these young men that had been forced to grow up
too soon. God would not help the people that had perpetrated this
crime. They would all die if I had my way.

TBC

Comments welcome suddar40@shaw.ca

---

Untitled (Chapter 3)

Date: Mon, 8 Apr 2013 16:44:11 -0600
From: Brian
Subject: Forced to grow up

Disclaimer: This story is fiction. All persons are also fiction and have no
bearing on anyone living or dead. It deals with male to male sex, BDSM,
torture, Degradation and Death. Anyone reading this story should know that
it is illegal in some States and Provinces to view this type of material.


FORCED TO GROW UP

CHAPTER 1

Well I guess I was ready. In less than two hours, I'd be on a C-17 enroute
to my third tour in Afghanistan. Last tour too I hoped, I was due to retire
after almost 25 years. Just 3 short years to go. I had everything packed,
most of my personal gear was in storage, I signed my will and my orders
were sitting on my desk.

I opened my small refrigerator. Damn I had timed it perfect, only two beers
left. I grabbed one, sat in my easy chair and put my feet up. I was just
about to crack it open when someone knocked at my door.

"Enter." I yelled.

A very well put together Master Sergeant stepped inside. He stopped and
saluted. I just waved my hand.

"What is it Master Sergeant?"

He walked up to me and handed me a brown envelope and a clip board.

"I need you to sign Sir." I signed the clip board.

I looked at the Sergeant Major as I tore open the envelope. From the Green
Beret I knew he was Second Special Forces. He had Master Parachutist badge
above his name tag. Tompkins, BA. I also the ribbons for two Silver Stars,
2 Bronze Stars, 2 Purple Hearts, plus assorted others, some I didn't
recognize. From the hash marks on one sleeve he had have been in at least
25 years, but sure didn't look it.

He was obviously waiting for my response.

I read the message and then read it again.

"What the fuck is this?" I said as I sat upright.

Two things stood out. One was to report no later than 0800 hours tomorrow
and in Class A's. Shit how was I supposed to get to Washington in under 12
hours and my Class A uniform was in storage at the main Barracks.

"You got wheels?"

"Yes Sir."

"Lets go." We both walked out to a desert cam humvee.

"Main Barracks." He just drove off.

All this time the sergeant Major had a sort of smile on his face. I picked
up my Class A's and black jump boots and he drove me back to my BOQ.

As I stripped out of desert uniform, he still stood smiling.

"What is so fucking funny Sergeant Major?"

"Well Sir. You are taking it a lot better than I did. I was roused out of a
very good sleep at 0300 this morning. I haven't worn Class A's in five
years and wasn't even sure I'd fit. Then without so much as a thank you I
was pushed aboard an Air force Special Missions aircraft and sent here to
get you."  "You were sent to get me? That means we are going to working
together."

I believe so Sir, but I know as much as you at this point."

I figured I'd grab a quick shower before I dressed and just stripped. As I
slipped off my boxers, I heard an intake of breath.

When I looked at the sergeant Major, he was looking at my dick.

"Problem?" I said smiling.

"You're hung like the proverbial horse Sir."

Then something clicked in my mind.

Are you Gay Sergeant Major?"

"Yes Sir."

"Well maybe that's why we're teamed together. What's your billet?"

"Intelligence Sir. Just like you."

"Well too bad we don't have time to find out more of what we both like."

I just turned and headed into the shower. Damn he was very well put
together, love to see what's hidden under that uniform, but figured if we
teamed I might just find out. To be honest I loved much younger guys, in
the seventeen to twenty one range, but never turned down sex from
anyone. As long as they were into sucking and fucking and the reverse, I
was happy. I had had several, well more than several over my 23 years in
the US Army.

I walked out and pulled on clean boxers and a t-shirt. Then slipped on my
trousers. After heavy socks put on my jump boots. After I bloused my
trousers over my boots, I stood up and put my shirt on. Then tie.

I heard the Sergeant Major whistle.

"Well Sir, I knew the name but it only connected when I saw this."

"Just a bunch of junk with someone else's blood on them."

"Don't you believe that for a minute Sir. You got some of these for who you
brought back, not for the ones you lost."

"You have your opinion SGT MAJ, I have mine."

I put the tunic on and grabbed my valise. The Sgt Maj. grabbed my duffle. I
looked around my room. Well just another cubby hole on another base. I
wondered where I'd be next. At least I didn't have to wear the fucking
medals until the next morning.

The Sgt Maj. Drove to the Air Base, we dropped the Humvee at Administration
and boarded the Air Force Special Missions Jet. Soon after that we were in
the air. Well the flight was boring but a hell of a lot more comfortable
than a C-17. We landed at Andrews as 2130 and an Army staff car took us to
the Washington Hilton. Fuck another surprise, I figured we'd be in
transient quarters at Meyer.

Hell they even booked us a suite, which meant we could be in Washington for
a while. I stripped to my boxers and ordered a six pack of cold beer. The
Sgt Maj. Walked into the living room in boxers too. Damn he was well put
together. He signed for the beer, grabbed two and sat down. Gave me a
wonderful view of his heavy balls and not bad sized cock hidden under the
loose boxers.

We watched CNN and got no hint of our next assignment. CNN had the uncanny
ability to find things out. I also used them to glean intelligence from
overseas reporters.

We both headed for our separate beds about 2200. 0530 comes damn early plus
all that traveling to day.

Getting up at 0530 had never been a problem for me. I showered and started
to get ready for the Chief of Staff. Fucking full medals today. Well that's
Class A's. Only added about 10 pounds to my tunic.

Before dressing I ordered a continental breakfast for two and lots of
coffee. We both ate in silence, both wondering what this was all about.

I went back and finished dressing. I walked out to be greeted by the SGT
MAJ. He too was wearing the CMH. Well at least we looked almost the same.

"What's that big star for Sir?" He asked.

"OBE. Order of the British Empire."

"Never heard of an officer here getting one."

"Very few of us."

"Does that make you s knight or something?" He chuckled.

"Nope."

We left at 0645, knowing Washington traffic can be a bitch on a Monday and
finding one office among 70 odd thousand in the Pentagon can take
time. Damn, a staff car was waiting for us. Not only that, a guide to the
office we wanted. Long fucking walk still.

At exactly 0755 we walked into the outer office of the Chief of Staff for
Intelligence. Two minutes later we were inside standing front of the desk
of that same officer. I knew him as soon as I walked in and knew I hated
the son of a bitch. He was another of these appointees that didn't know
shit about intelligence and never would.

"Colonel Harisford Reporting as ordered Sir."

"SGT MAJ. Tompkins Reporting as ordered Sir."

"Coffee?" He said without so much as an acknowledgment.

Before we could answer.

"Sir down, we have a few minutes before the others arrive."

"What's this about Sir?" I asked after we had coffee.

"To be honest I have no idea. I was ordered to find the best intelligence
officer and NCO in the US Army and bring them here ASAP. I asked personnel
to find them and your two names came up. So now you are here."

A few minutes later the Chief of Staff United States Army walked in with a
civilian. He just waved me down as I went to stand. He grabbed cup of
coffee and sat down.

"Charlie, I am afraid I have to ask you to leave."

"What!" The Chief of Staff for Intelligence said.

"Sorry Charlie, but my orders come straight from the President. Only one
person in this office besides these three will know what's going on."

He stormed from the office and I almost laughed out loud.  I was very
surprised when the civilian pulled an electronic devise out of his brief
case, turned it on and set it in the middle of the table. I knew what it
was. I had one in my kit back at the hotel. It was a very sophisticated
jamming devise. It would jam every kind of listening devise with in 25
yards as well as jam cameras.

"Anything said in this room can never leak. It might cost the lives of
thousands." He said.

Now I was intrigued.

"Before I start I will introduce myself. My name is Gerald Smyth. I am
Director General of INTERPOL. I asked for help from your countries
Secretary of State. Your President signed off on that help after finding
out why I wanted the two best Intelligence Specialists they had."

"Gentlemen this is all about boys. Specifically boys between the ages of
sixteen and nineteen. Over the last five years almost 12,000 boys have just
vanished."

"Vanished? What exactly do you mean vanished?"

"Well to put it simply, about 11,300 boys have been reported missing. None
to date have been found. At first we just filed the reports under missing,
with notes to police forces to watch for them. Then some of those boys
showed up on Gay and Straight websites, both clothed and nude. Then it was
turned over to our cyber crime unit. Once the whole scope of it became
known we figured we were going need outside help. You two are going to be
that outside help."

"Why us? We both deal in Military Intelligence."

"Exactly. You can put a different spin on this. We can't even go near some
of these places. They smell cop almost immediately."

"What you need is a real good Hacker."

"You have one in mind?"

"Yes I do. He is about the best I ever met. He's doing 10-20 at
Leavenworth. He was caught in bed with three 15 year old boys."

"Why would he be in Leavenworth?"

"He was a sergeant in Intelligence at the time. He was convicted, got a DD
and 10-20 years. I put him there."

"You put him there and now you think he will work for you?"

"Well it won't be as simple as that. I'll need his DD removed and his
record cleared. I also want a few other guys I know. If I am going to be of
any use to INTERPOL I'm going to need a team of Specialists."

"Tell me Colonel, are there any countries you haven't been too?"

"A few Sir."

"Well you might just get to visit those too. Effective immediately you are
both Special Deputies of The United States Marshalls Office." The General
handed over two large envelopes.

"You'll find anything you need in those envelopes. No uniforms from now
on. Your only contact from now on will be this man. You tell him what you
want and I'll make it happen."

The civilian shut off that electronic device and then both the General and
him left. WE walked out to the same corporal that had led us to the
office. Twenty minutes later we were back in the staff car heading to our
hotel.

When we got back to our suite, I knew this must have been in the works for
a while. There were several packages waiting for us. One addressed to each
of us. When I looked, there was a complete set of civilian clothes right
down to boxer briefs and socks and shoes. All in my correct sizes.

When I opened the envelope the General had given me I found US Marshals
Identification and badge plus several credit cards all in my name. We had
barely time to think when someone knocked at our door. The SGT
MAJ. Answered and a man who identified himself as from the Marshalls had us
sign for two Glock 10mm pistols and shoulder holsters.  He just left after
we signed for both.

"Fuck they sure are in a hurry." Barry said.

"Yeah." I said, grabbed the packages and headed for my bedroom.

I changed. I don't recall when the last time I had worn civilian
clothes. They sure felt different, but all were in correct sizes.

I went out and ordered some more beer. Barry came out in civilian
clothes. Well one thing I knew we both looked like cops. That was why I
wanted some specialized people. We could never get close to anyone
perpetrating these kidnappings, if that's what they were.

"Okay, first off you might as well call me John. We are going to be working
together so this Sir shit won't work."

"Sounds fine John.

I opened my brief case and pulled out the same device the civilian had used
in the office and switched it on.

"Jesus, where did you get that from?"

"Friend in the CIA gave it to me my last tour overseas."  "Now, I know
three guys I want to get. However I need six and I figured you might know
of three. We definitely need Metcalf. Weather the General can get him out
or not is the question."

"You really want that cocksucker? He's a real hard ass. Even loves to
torture the kids he fucks."

"What the difference Barry. So do I, so do you. So were all the same. To be
honest I'd love to fuck your ass or shove my dick down your throat and I
wouldn't be gentle about it Barry."

I could tell he liked the idea. His cock was getting hard.

"As long as you like to receive as hard as you give John, I'm game."

"Wouldn't have it any other way Barry."

"Okay besides Metcalf, who else you want in our gang of fags?"

"Silverman, Washington, and Mary."

"Jesus, you really do like hard sex. Sgt. Washington has a bigger dick than
you do. I know Silverman is overseas and have no idea where Mary is. If we
want real bad asses, I guess maybe we need Corry, he's likes to use electro
torture before he fucks and Nelson, he's loves the use of whips. Had both,
and man I was sore a week after."

"Okay that's five. Any other ideas?"

"Only one, but I doubt we can get him. His name Burton, ex-Marine, he's
with the CIA working as an interrogator. He was almost cashiered from the
Marines after he was caught torturing a young Marine. The CIA grabbed him."

"Perfect, we need an interrogator."  We were about to continue when someone
else knocked on our door. The civilian came in. He didn't comment on the
device on the table, just grabbed a beer and sat down.

"Do you have a list of the people you want?" He asked.

I handed him the list and he just put it in his brief case. He pulled out
two very thick files. He handed one to each of us.

"In those files are a complete list of every young man that has disappeared
in the last five years. They are listed by country, Name, age and
description. We have individual files on all in our data banks in
Geneva. When you are in the safe house we have set aside for you and you
have all the equipment you need, you will have full access to those files
or any other you may need."

"I already presumed you would not want to work out of our Headquarters."

"Now, you will need these. They are weapon permits. They will allow you to
carry concealed weapons in any of the member States of INTERPOL and
ASIAPOL. For the others we can make individual arrangements."

"Next, at the end of this week, Friday, there will be a Jet aircraft
waiting for you at Dulles Commercial ramp. It will be for your exclusive
use. Also any other aircraft including helicopters, can be arranged for at
a moments notice."

"The Individual Metcalf will be delivered to your aircraft before you leave
Friday. I have been told by your General that you have in effect a blank
check. If you notice inside that file I gave you almost 3000 of those
missing young men came from the US. Your President is very unhappy about
that and wants something done."

"He, like myself know that those are only the reported missing. How many
are missing that are unreported."

"We'll find out Sir. You can be sure of that."

"Well your reputation precedes you Colonel, so if anyone can find out what
is going on I'm sure it is you and your team. You won't see me again I hope
until you have found out we need to know."

He closed his brief case and stood up. He shook both our hands and left.

"So four days in Washington." Barry said.

"Yeah." I walked into my bedroom and stripped to my boxer briefs.

I walked back into the living room. Barry was standing at the mini bar with
a fresh beer in his hand.

"Well it looks like you have something in mind." He said as I walked up to
him.

I swung my fist up between his legs and connected with his balls. He
groaned, I hadn't hit him hard, but hard enough so he knew what I
wanted. As he dropped his hand to his nuts, I backhanded him across the
face.

"Get your fucking clothes off boy."

"Yes Sir." He started to strip.

As he bent to remove his jeans, I pushed him to the floor and ripped off
his shorts. Without even hesitating I rammed two fingers into his ass. Damn
I think it was lubed.

"You lube in already boy?"  "Boy Scouts told me to always be prepared."

"Good." I grabbed his ball sack and using it as a handle rammed my dick
into his ass.

He screamed at my abrupt entry. I didn't care, I just used his balls as a
handle as I rode his butt. Sure felt nice. He was tight and smooth
inside. As I came close, I pulled out, spun him around and rammed my dick
into his mouth.

I pushed him flat on his back and turned around as I just dropped my weight
onto his face, forcing my cock into his throat. He was gagging and
chocking. I lifted up a little before just dropping my weight again and
again. I leaned down and took one his balls into my mouth. Then I bit down
on it as hard as I could without actually biting it off. That brought a
gargled scream around my cock. I just slowly chewed his ball as I fucked
his face. It didn't take me long to blow. He swallowed, well not much
choice with my ten inch cock in his throat. I finally just pulled off and
stood up.

"Not bad Barry. Not bad at all."

He just laid still trying to catch his breathe. When he finally sat up I
handed him his beer and sat down.

He took a long pull from the beer and sat on the couch.

"Damn I thought you were going to bite my ball off." He smiled.

"Very intense John. Very intense."

"Glad you liked it. Let you return the favor later."

"Sounds cool."

"I'm about ready to blow after that. Want to suck me off?"

"Sure."

He just stood up and walked to my chair. This might be intense too, he had
about eight inches of very thick uncut meat. He just grabbed my head and
rammed it in my mouth. Using both hands he fucked my face hard. I thought
my jaw would dislocate he was so thick, but had had much larger and thicker
cocks shoved down my throat. After I got used to it I gave him the best
blow job he hah had in a long time. When he came it was thick and very
bitter, but I just swallowed. After he came he just held it inside my mouth
as he went down. I knew what was coming and damn quick he was pissing in my
mouth. Two beers and coffee all came out and I just swallowed it down. He
pulled out and walked over and sat down.

"Thanks John needed that."

"So did I Barry. So did I."

I picked up the phone and got connected to the US Army tie lines. Then
connected to Fort Hood Texas. I ordered all my personal stuff to be shipped
to Dulles, priority Triple A1; I gave them my authorization number the
General had included in the envelope. After I was done Barry did the same
thing.

"Well I think we going to need more civilian clothes. Lets go spend some of
Uncle Sam's Money."

"Good idea, especially if you are going to be ripping my underwear to
shreds every time you fuck me." Barry laughed.

We both spent near a thousand dollars each. The next four days were pretty
much the same. We brutalized each other during the day, but just slept
together at night. Enjoying either sucking or fucking before sleep.  Friday
morning we checked out and took a cab to Dulles Commercial ramp. Both our
personal items had arrived and had been loaded on the Challenger Jet. When
we walked on board Metcalf was sitting in handcuffs with two MP's standing
beside him.

"Take the handcuffs off and get the fuck out." I ordered.

As soon as the MP's were off the aircraft, another civilian, this one armed
closed up the aircraft. He then disappeared up front. As we buckled up,
Metcalf spoke up.

"Fuck, if I had known it was you I would have refused."

"Shut up and buckle up or would you prefer I toss you out at say 10,000
feet."

He shut up.

Another civilian walked out from the front of the aircraft.

"My Name is Gustaff Mahler Colonel. I am your chief pilot. That other young
man is Fredrick. He is the lover of my co-pilot Henri. This I do not mind
as I am like you Colonel a deviant or as you prefer Gay. I too like young
men, but I do not have to abduct them off the street. There are many boys
who for a few dollars will do anything in almost all countries of the
world."

"We three are all ex-East German Air Force. I will fly you and anyone you
wish any where in the world. This Aircraft has very long legs. We will fly
from here direct to Geneva. If you need other forms of transportation I
will supply it."

"This Aircraft is brand new. We picked it up in Canada at the plant. It is
registered to a private Corporation. The Corporations is only on paper, but
it has permission to land in every single country in the world but
two. When you have decided what other equipment you want installed we will
install it as you require."

"Now we go."

"Thank you. What do you prefer to be called?"

"You may call us by name. We will call you Colonel. It is easier for us."

"Very well Gustaff. Lets go."

After we were in the air Fredrick brought all cold beers and sandwiches.

"Just who the fuck are you Colonel?" Metcalf asked.

I then explained everything to Gary Metcalf. I also told him what I
expected from him in deciding what equipment, computers etc, he would need
to hack into any website in the world. He would also have the same
equipment installed in this aircraft.

"Metcalf, you no longer have a record in the United States or anywhere. You
also have an honorable discharge with all back pay and allowances."

"How the fuck did you manage that?"

"Friends in high places."

"Gary, I don't care what you like. If you want to buy boys to fuck, suck or
torture, be my guest. However if you ever snuff one of those boys, I will
have every one of my team including myself fuck you until your almost
dead. Then I'll slice your nuts off and hang you with piano wire from the
ceiling with your balls in your throat."

He chuckled. "Guess I won't fuck up Colonel."

In reality I really respected what Gary could do. He had been with me on
four tours overseas. I knew he had had both Iraqi and Afghan boys. None he
had ever snuffed. He also had a bad habit of going AWOL just when I needed
him the most. We were both at Fort Bliss. I needed his expertise and went
looking for him. My self and the two MP's found him whipping a boy as he
shoved his dick into the boys mouth. Two other boys were strung up waiting
his attention. I knew he had paid to do what he was doing to all three and
they had agreed, but the MP's took it another way. At his courts Marshal I
could only relate what I had seen. That got him 10-20 in Leavenworth.

Once he had agreed he became very enthusiastic. I gave him a pad and pen
and he started to write down what he required. With an unlimited expense
account he listed almost a page of equipment. He tore it off and handed it
to me. To me it was just gibberish. I could use a computer but didn't know
shit about them. Gustaff came in and sat down. I handed him the list.

"That's for the safe house." I said.

"Mien Got! Do you plan on breaking into your NSA?"

Gary looked up and smiled.

"I already did that once."

"What!"

"It's true Gustaff. I needed information on an Afghan National. I asked the
NSA for all they had on him. They refused so I had Gary hack their
system. It took him less than an hour and I had my man. He was shot by
Special Forces coordinating an attack on the Presidential Palace."

"I have a few things to tell you Colonel. This aircraft and passengers will
never be checked by Customs in any of the countries it is allowed to land
in. How or who was able to do that must have the power of God on their
side. Next, your safe house is a small walled estate about 30 minutes from
the airport. Everything you need or require will be delivered as soon as
they know what you want. All the men you requested will be delivered to the
house as well. It will be up to you to brief them. We will be landing at
about 2230 hours Geneva Time. The Corporation that owns this aircraft has a
hanger at the airport. We will always arrive there and leave from there."

This was getting more interesting all the time. I knew who the man he
referred to. No one ever turned down a request from the most powerful man
in the world. President Wilson knew the power he wielded and had no
compunction in using it if it gained more power for the United States.

No country in this wide world ever turned down a request from him. To do so
meant he would either send in his Marines or more importantly cut off that
nation from economic ties. The two Countries I was sure we couldn't land in
were Iran and North Korea, the only two he had no power over. I doubted in
my mind that would last very much longer.

When we landed we taxied right into a hanger. As we stepped off, I saw
armed security guards.

"They are from the Swiss Army. They don't know why they have been ordered
to guard this hanger or your safe house. To them it does not matter. They
have orders to kill anyone who approaches or tries to enter either place."

We climbed into a black Mercedes Limo and were whisked to our new home.

TBC

Comments Welcome.  suddar40@shaw.ca